All right, guys, welcome to another special episode of Candice. Here's my theory. I believe that the elites are aiming for clinical retardation. I'm not kidding. I believe that if somebody produced a study right now and said, don't drink water, 50% of people in the world would perish. They would die because they would suddenly just stop drinking water because the data says don't drink water.
And obviously, I've showed you guys many times my podcast, my favorite clip on the Internet this year, because it explains exactly my philosophy in life. It's the reason why we designed the second edition of the Standis Cups to say don't care, built different. It's very important for you guys to take a listen to Andrew Tate explaining what we can garner from the data, as he says. Take a listen.
I'm glad I'm super rich. You know, now that I'm super rich, I get to be one of those crazy rich guys who acts unusual. And they're like, oh, he's a bit eccentric, but he's rich. So he gets away with it. Like wearing a microphone on his chest. Everyone else puts a suit on, hides the microphone. I'm like, give it a microphone, bro. Don't care. Built different. Don't care. One of my habits now is ignoring all data. It's great.
I love when people come to me and say, actually, we've got the data to prove. To prove what, you little ****? What are you going to prove to me? I can prove to you that the ice caps are melting. There's ice in my water right now. I'm going to leave the water unattended until the ice melts. Will the water overflow out of the cup? No.
Why are all the richest, most important people in the world who are pushing this scam buying beachfront homes?
Oh, but the data says. The data's from the Matrix and you are the Matrix and the Matrix is full of life.
Anyone who actually analyzes the data nowadays proves they're a dumbass.
Have you seen that graph thing, that meme where you have the most stupid people and the most intelligent people do the same thing?
And then you have the midwit in the middle. Data's for midwits. You know?
Well, the data says. Yeah, the data says. Well, actually, I guess statistically, the pharmaceutical company who sells the jab made the **** data.
Why are you even reading it? Why are you reading it?
There were stupid people who sat there and said, the jab's made of 5G cellular data.
And then there was extremely intelligent people like me who said, I don't trust these motherf***ers.
And we both didn't get the jab. All the people in the middle were like, well, the data says.
And the news said. They wouldn't just make us all take a jab for no reason. Jabby jab. Jabby jab.
If you even look at data nowadays, you're a dumbass.
You should just know. Street smart people don't need data.
We've just been around. You know?
I've just been around.
I just know things because I've just been around on the street.
If somebody's trying to give you something for free so desperately, it's probably a trap.
When you're street smart like me, you're on the corner.
You, your boys, some bitches.
Guy comes up to you, goes, you want a hamburger?
Not really.
Hamburgers are good food. If you don't eat, you'll die.
Yeah.
You should really have this hamburger.
I don't want it.
If you don't have this hamburger, you're going to lose your job.
I'm going to lock you in your house.
I don't trust him or his hamburger.
Why were you people like, well, do you have a study about this hamburger?
Do you have some data on the hamburger?
Oh, it says that protein's good for you.
Give it to me.
F*** dumbass.
The guy who got the hamburger who's trying to force it down your neck pulled a study out of his f***.
It's perfect.
We're going to jump right into a conversation with, it's, it's, I've watched it too many times.
Well, it's kind of funny because you probably have this also.
You have a point of view and people say to you, where do you get this point of view?
Why can you think that?
What source does it come from?
I've been around.
How can you think anything else?
You know?
And I'm not one to get in trouble, but I, I recently watched your show when you were talking about Macron, wife, husband, whichever one it was.
Dude.
The dude.
And people were saying to me, Andrew, what do you think about that?
And I said, well, yeah, a hundred percent, his wife is a man.
And they said, why?
It's like, because he looks like a little f*** and you can see it.
So what more do you want to see?
You can see on his face.
You can see on Macron's face that he's exactly the kind of person who would be groomed by a man.
So it's obvious.
And then it's the common sense aspect where they're like, first and foremost, they are producing no evidence to the contrary.
30 years, not a single picture of this person exists.
We have plenty of pictures of his brother who suddenly went missing at the exact same time that Brigitte was born at the age of 30.
Yeah.
And people don't have that common sense to go, wait, that is quite strange.
Why are they not able to just easily debunk this?
And instead, you're going to call everyone else crazy.
And the thing that should terrify people is the fact, which you describe it as the matrix.
I think that actually is the right term, is that the matrix works over time to make it seem as though the people who recognize the insanity, recognize the homosexuality, recognize the pedophilia are, in fact, the people that are crazy.
Like, it's a complete inversion of what's actually happening.
And the saddest thing is that it works.
I mean, where did Macron even come from anyway?
I remember that French election.
I'm certainly no expert on French politics, but I remember he popped up out of nowhere, some globalist.
He was a lawyer or a banker or something.
They just put him up there and then he won.
The last French election, Marine Le Pen was winning and then, oh, she lost.
It's like, are these elections even real anymore?
Is anything even real anymore?
I mean, I only have criminal cases in three countries currently.
You may as well add France to the list, you know.
But I just don't believe any of it.
And then Macron stands up there and, of course, he's complete globalist, WEF.
I remember his obsession with Merkel.
Do you remember the way he used to stare at her?
He used to stare at Merkel with adoring eyes.
Very strange situation the French find themselves in.
And when you point these things out, you point out that it's strange, right?
You point out and say, look, this is unusual.
Even if she is a woman, which is highly debatable, the fact that she's 30 years older and it's
all just a bit weird.
But if you want to mention these things, you're right.
You're called a crazy conspiracy theorist because so many people are so desperate to conform.
You know, I came to this unfortunate realization recently, especially in light of the Kamala garbage.
There's a whole bunch of people who want to be slaves.
They literally want to be.
You sit and say, why can't you convince people to see the truth?
And then you realize it's because they don't want to see the truth.
They want to be a slave because it makes them feel the same way a child feels when they get
attention from their parents.
They want to be good slaves to the system.
And they hope that that will prevent them from getting shot.
Now, we know our history.
It means they'll get shot last, but they'll still get shot.
So you have to make a decision as a man, especially like, do I want to die first,
like a hero for telling the truth?
Or do I want to die a few years later, like a coward?
And I guess that's where you see the differentiation in the opinions, the dichotomy of the different
types of men who are living in the world today.
But it's really crazy that so many people will sit there and consistently consume lies
and garbage after they've been lied to so many times and they feel like they get some
kind of, I don't know if it's satisfaction.
I don't know if it's warmth.
I don't know what they feel in their heart when they just subjugate themselves to these
people.
Maybe it's like cuckdom.
You know, they like to feel like a cuck.
They like to feel stupid.
There's no other way.
There's a whole bunch of people who want to be enslaved to these systems.
I think slavery is natural, actually.
I thought about this for a long time as I'm going, how could you accept this?
Somebody telling you to stay at home, not see your family, double mask, let your parents
die alone.
Everything spiritually should be coming online going, this is not natural, this is wrong,
and I'm going to fight this.
But they get in line.
And even when they know it's wrong, they're still fearful to speak out and say that for
fear of persecution.
And something that I, a study that I showed, a study that was done by the CIA, an experiment
rather, to my audience was where they sat a bunch of people in a room.
This is a true CIA experiment.
And 17 of them were agents and one of them was from the public, but he didn't know that
he was the only person that wasn't an agent.
And they held up a picture of a triangle and they went around the room and they said, what
do you see?
And every agent, they went through them first and they said, square, square, square, square,
square, it was clearly a triangle, square, square, square, square.
They get to that last guy and he says, swear, knowing fully that he is seeing a triangle.
So what they understand is that peer pressure, like the psychology of peer pressure is a real
thing, but it's stunning to me that grown men succumb to this or something that's unbelievably
wrong about that.
Yeah, completely.
And that's why they attack masculinity so heavily, because truthfully as a man, if you
have an opinion, which is different to other men, it crosses your mind.
You might have to fight.
That's just how it goes, right?
So if you're a man and you sit in that room and 17 men say it's a square and you know it's
a triangle, you're probably looking at them up and down going, hmm, can I beat them all?
Now me, I'm built different.
I'll be like, that is a triangle, sir.
You're wrong.
You're wrong.
But you have to have a lot of faith in yourself to be able to do that, right?
A lot of people simply don't speak out because it's a scary thing to do, because now you have
personal accountability and then you have to defend your opinions also.
And there's a lot of people who aren't capable of or are afraid to defend their opinion.
So they just think, I'll just go with the flow.
And that's the actual mess we're in.
I don't think the mess is so much conservatives against liberals or the sane against the insane.
It's this ether in between of people who are just like, ah, it doesn't matter.
And I'm not interested in politics.
And they're just going along with the system, which is probably the largest contingent of
the populace.
And they're just allowing this clown show to continue for as long as it's continued.
And I don't want to be a conspiracy theorist, but ever since 2020, I don't believe any of
the elections are fair at all.
I don't believe that any of the people in charge have our interests at heart at all.
I believe it's a massive racket where everyone is just stealing.
I believe if you speak against the system, the matrix is going to come and they're going to
use lawfare to try and destroy you.
I said on a podcast I did seven days before Trump's assassination attempt that there's
no way they're going to let him win.
Then this assassination attempt happened.
Thank God he survived it.
That was a miracle in and of itself.
That's been memory hold now.
That's been disappeared from the internet.
I don't know if you saw this this morning.
All of the references between Bill Clinton and Jeffrey Epstein have been removed from Bill
Clinton's Wikipedia page a couple of days ago.
So then that's gone.
Nothing's printed anymore, right?
So they just changed the typing.
And you try and talk to this, talk about this.
There's people who understand you.
There's people who disagree with you or mentally unwell, but unfortunately there's this huge
contingent in the middle who are just like, ah, yeah, you know, I don't really know.
And I don't know.
And I'm just going to go do as they say.
It'll be fine.
And they're so perma distracted with garbage.
And that's, I mean, I watch, I look at like a festival, for example, I'm not anti-music,
but I look at a festival and I see people in the festival and they're all screaming and
jumping up and down.
And I'm like, if you had half as much passion for the freedom of your children that you
do for this song, you've heard 10,000 times, we'd be in a much different position, but
they've managed to placate the entire population.
And which is actually a really interesting thing.
You have to sit and think, how did they make us all so placid?
How has everybody just been eunuched to the point where they're sitting there going, oh,
well, I can't see my parents.
I can't see my, can't leave my house, but it's fine.
It's, it's truly incredible.
It's actually quite a remarkable thing they've managed to do.
And as they turn on the PR machine, once again, they've turned on the machine for Kamala.
Nobody liked her.
Nobody.
Not even the liberals liked her.
Not even the biggest Joe Biden fans liked her.
They were all saying she could, she couldn't, she's no way she could win.
And here she is the most loved person on the planet, like two weeks later.
It's just incredible to me.
They could do COVID all over again, Candace.
They could do it again.
Isn't that scary?
Yeah, it's very scary.
And that's why I go back to this like peer pressure thing.
I basically now, when I meet people, I want to know who they were in high school.
I think it's the most significant time in your life.
I want to know who you were in high school because it's somehow you see that their
characteristics, they just reemerge later on in life.
And right now what we're fighting is a system of losers, right?
Who are writing their articles feverishly.
They hate people that have confidence.
They hate people that are self-confident and are not going to, oh, I said that the data says
this and I'm smart and I went to Columbia.
I don't care if you went to Columbia.
I literally don't care.
You are the dumbest person.
I would never follow you, right?
You couldn't lead a marching band, right?
And somehow you think that writing articles in the Daily Mail calling me names, case in
point, New York Times, former writer, Barry Weiss.
Candace, it's that shit insane.
You are such a, you're like a weird loser, lesbian, can crawl in a hole.
Literally, Barry Weiss would crawl in a hole and die.
I could care less.
And I say that knowing that there's going to be, how could you say, literally, she could
crawl in a hole and die.
You think you have the authority, right?
To tell people that I'm batshit insane because I won't get in the line in the same way that
you've gotten in line with the system your entire life.
You're a Zionist, bought and paid for a Zionist.
And your job is to convince Americans that never ending war, while we can't afford groceries,
while people can't afford to put gas into their tank, is something that they should just
subject themselves to because there's some higher moral purpose that really just serves
you and your superiors.
Whoa, you don't think Israel is your number one ally?
It's the dumbest thing.
People just say stuff.
And that's how you really know that everyone's a bot.
And I say this even against, you know, people who I've had respect for in the past.
I really see it because they say stuff that doesn't even make sense.
It's like six feet social distancing, save lives.
Israel's our number one ally and friend.
Why would you even make that sense?
That's an objectively on its face, stupid statement to make.
They just repeat it.
They just repeat it.
And you're right.
They don't think about it.
So let's think about it for everyone at home.
Let's think about it.
Someone comes up to me.
Andrew, say, Israel is your number one ally.
I said, well, they never paid my rent.
So not my ally.
They don't cut my grass.
What do they do for me?
It turns out nothing.
So who are they allies to?
Well, are they allies to the government who are also, it seems to be my enemy?
Are they allies to the people who I don't trust?
When those senators who are robbing everybody and stealing all of the money and inflating the currency
stand up and say they're our number one ally, maybe they're your number one ally because
you can get an Israeli passport and disappear and hide because you're a pedophile.
Maybe they're your ally, but they're certainly not mine.
So why is anybody even repeating this trope?
Whose ally are they?
Right.
I said that.
They protect pedophiles.
They literally—
They're an ally to the criminal class.
So I'm like, where is this coming from?
They also performed a terrorist attack and got away with it because of, I'm assuming,
the blackmail they have on politicians.
But the USS Liberty, we can't even talk about that in America.
It's like this no-go zone.
You can't talk about that or the press is going to leave you an anti-Semite for knowing
that they murdered and tried to get away with it by flying in planes, unmarked planes, and
bombing the USS Liberty to drag us into their war with Egypt.
That's not my ally, not from a political standpoint, not from a personal standpoint.
The second-year state is protecting pedophiles and allowing them to escape from America after
they've molested children.
And then you go, oh, we'll keep them safe here.
And on top of that, you get to take our tax dollars.
We can't even extradite our pedophiles.
And you, like, why are you saying that?
And isn't an ally reciprocal?
Like, shouldn't it go both ways?
Like, what do they do for us?
I understand we fight their wars for them and we protect them and we give them weapons
and we do everything they want.
That's fine.
They're surrounded by enemies.
For some reason, nobody seems to like them.
That's fine.
What do they do for us?
Ever.
Anything.
Ever.
It's really-
No one can tell you.
No one can tell you.
And then, of course, people are so emotionally invested in the idea of Israel when you mention
these things.
They just repeat that trope.
Well, they're our number one ally.
It's like, I think you need to first understand the word are, who are is.
And secondly, understand the word ally, because ally is supposed to go both ways.
And this is just one of the many different pegs in the system, which now X is free.
I have to admit, I feel like people are starting to realize and wake up a little bit about a
lot of subjects.
And Rumble is out there.
And obviously, you've got your own show, which is amazing.
But it's one of the cogs in the machine that I hope slowly start to break.
And I was actually very optimistic until about two weeks ago when this Kamala crap started.
And I realized that we're really not as far along as I thought.
There's still so many people who will just march step into oblivion.
And I mean, I don't want to be- I would hate to be labeled a misogynist.
That would be terrible.
You've never been called that before.
I don't know if I'd ever survive.
Yeah.
But my view on the world is pretty simple.
My view on the world is that you can't have loyalty from somebody who's weak.
Because weak people, even if they have the best intentions to be loyal to you, they can
always be intimidated.
Or they can always be primarily intimidated.
But when it's down to save their own skin, because they're weak and they're afraid, they're the
kind of person who will turn on you.
I don't trust weak people.
I don't have weak people around me.
I don't like weak people.
And the fact that Kamala can't even string a sentence together means that when she gets
the calls from the shadow figures about how the world's really going to work, I just can't
see her standing up for the average American.
I can't see her saying to whoever calls that phone, who's really in charge of things,
who've been running things for the last four years, because Biden has not a clue what's
going on.
And they say, this needs to happen.
I just don't see her saying, that's bad for the American people.
I just see her saying, oh, well, you know, what did Trump say?
The bus?
That's what buses do.
That's it.
So it doesn't even matter what she says.
It doesn't even matter how well-intentioned she is, which is, again, arguable, because I
don't believe she is.
But because she's such a weak person, she's just going to be stood up there as a puppet
and she's going to be played.
And it's scary because I truly believe if Trump loses this election, it's over for America.
It's over for the Western Hemisphere.
It's done.
All right, guys.
Interrupting this conversation very briefly because I have some exciting news.
You know that I love Good Ranchers.
They've been a great sponsor of this show.
They are supporters of freedom of speech.
And guess what?
I've teamed up with Good Ranchers to create my own box.
You can now go to GoodRanchers.com and you can get the Candace Owens box.
I work with them to curate all of my family's favorite meats.
We've got New York strip that you'll get in the box.
You're going to get pork chops in the box.
I am telling you, I am very excited because now you get to order the Candace Owens box.
Here is how you're going to do it.
I've written this down.
You're going to go to GoodRanchers.com slash Candace and you're going to buy the box today.
You can try it once or subscribe and save $25 on every box.
Plus, subscribers will get their pick of free protein for a year.
So every box comes with more delicious meat.
You guys know it's American-made.
It also supports farmers.
It supports ranchers.
It's just a great American company.
You already have to eat dinner.
So why not do it with me at Good Ranchers?
Again, you're going to go to GoodRanchers.com slash Candace and purchase the Candace Owens box,
New York strips, pork chops, and my favorite on the grill, Wagyu burgers.
Go to GoodRanchers.com slash Candace today.
I actually want to ask you a question about two people because right now what's happening in America
is the MAGA party is actually infighting.
The Groypers have declared war on the MAGA party, but on top of the Groypers, people have
spoken out, myself included, to say that obviously you survived an assassination attempt.
You're going to come out of it different.
And so I wanted to give Trump that runway and expect that you've got to be feeling a little
bit differently.
But it doesn't feel to me like the same Trump from 2015.
And obviously, he's the better candidate.
I want Trump to win as well.
But it does seem that now that he's accepted money, that he can't be as hardcore about certain
topics and certain issues as he was back in 2015 when there was no chance he was going
to win, you know, allegedly no chance he was going to win.
And also nobody would give him money and no one would give him any airtime.
And now it feels like, I don't know, like they've kind of, I don't want to say like
buckbroken him.
But there's definitely a lot of consultants around money kind of always being the root
of lies and evil or, and I believe lies by omission, not saying things that you would
say because, oh, well, this person just cut you a $50 million check.
So I maybe stay away from that subject because that person is, you know, from Romania and these
are the Romanian interests.
So, you know.
Yeah.
Good country choice there.
Yeah, smart.
I'm a fan of Trump.
Obviously, I hope he wins.
My view on it, if I had to guess, and of course, I have no data.
Back this up.
I've just been around.
Trump ran with a scorched earth policy and he got into power and they tried the whole
Russiagate garbage.
And I think Trump actually, in many ways, was very soft in his first administration.
And he believed to a degree he could reason with these savages.
And he thought that, you know, I should put Hillary in jail.
I should do these things, but they'll take Trump Tower off me and they'll hit me with
endless lawfare and it's going to be a mess.
And I built this whole conglomerate of real estate and money and I'm still American and my kids
live here.
And if you really declare war with the deep state on that level, my children are going
to end up in trouble.
And there's a whole bunch to consider.
So, he tried to be nice to them.
And then he realized that doesn't work because they rigged the election.
When he left, they rigged the election.
They keep hitting him with lawfare to try and stop him being president again.
And I think there was part of his mind that said, you know what?
I'm really going to get back into administration and teach these guys a lesson.
And then I think something happened.
Someone came along at some point and I think perhaps that deal was done.
And they said, look, you won't go to jail.
Trump Tower will stay standing.
Your kids will be safe in America.
Everything is going to be okay.
But you're going to have to bend on these few things.
And I think that perhaps, I mean, fatigue makes power.
Napoleon said it.
Fatigue makes cowards of us all.
And he's certainly no coward.
But it's amazing how daily war can grind you down.
I can talk from personal experience.
After three years of every single day you're fighting.
And that's what they do.
They know that you're too powerful a person to take out with one hit.
So they just, it's like hyenas on a lion, you know?
And they just bite, bite, bite, bite, bite.
If I had to guess, I'm still praying for a Trump victory.
I still think he's going to be the best president.
I still think he's going to do his very best.
I just feel like somewhere along the line, something has been agreed to,
to prevent post-presidency or post-death for his empire and for his children.
There seems to be some kind of deal somewhere.
Again, I have no data on this.
I've just been around.
I feel like, when you look at the streets, let's talk about the streets, right?
And the gangs and they're out and they're all killing each other.
And then eventually you see one gang member walk past another gang member
and they don't kill each other.
And you're like, hmm, something's been talked about now.
It was different before.
And it just kind of feels that way to me.
I don't know exactly what the deal is.
I'm not even going to say that I blame the guy for taking it.
But some kind of agreement's been made, I feel like.
I feel the same, and I'm wondering if you do as well.
Elon Musk seems a little bit different too.
And I was, I will admit, I was kind of all in on Elon Musk.
I really thought, and I still give him tons of credit.
But he has fought a war.
Few people will ever understand really what he went through
to really rescue speech at a moment where it was going to be the darkening.
It was over.
If they had gotten Twitter, it would have been done.
And we saw what was happening, obviously, with all the COVID stuff,
taking videos down and people talking about their own experiences with the shot.
And then Elon Musk rescued Twitter.
And he went to war with that.
I mean, you remember him on stage screaming at Bob, I think it was Bob Iger of Disney,
and saying, you're not going to blackmail me and do all of these things.
And now it seems, and I don't want to say that he's been blackmailed at all,
but I just feel like it's a different Elon.
And it could be what you're speaking about.
Day in and day out, there is going to be some sort of a fatigue
that manifests of having to fight people with a tremendous amount of power
who do not let up one single day.
Oh, they never let up.
And you have to choose your enemies, right?
And sometimes you have to do a deal with people
who you perhaps don't even always want to do a deal with to survive.
It's difficult at the very, very top.
We're talking about the highest possible echelons of power.
And there's a lot of different interests coming your way.
And you have to sit there and go, can I really war all of them?
Or can I just ally with this one team?
Which is unfortunate, because people who know what I'm talking about
know what I'm talking about.
It seems to be the same team every time.
If I can just ally with this one team,
I'm good against everything else.
And then people are sitting in a position and they're like,
yeah, I guess, I mean, I want to live and I want my children to live.
And because it comes down to that.
I don't think many people realize how violent the world is.
We live in a world now where we have all of these facades on top of violence.
But really, the world is just guns and bullets and violence.
That's the reality of the world.
When we talk about something like a court case, what is a court case?
Well, a court case is a piece of paper.
But if there was no threat of violence behind it, I wouldn't go or no one would go, right?
You get a speeding ticket.
You don't pay the ticket.
They add more money.
You don't pay it.
They say, go to court.
You don't go.
They send another summons.
You don't go.
They send an officer.
He says, come to court.
You say, no violence.
It's all just garbage on top of violence.
And at the highest echelons of power, what they normally do is they skip all the garbage first.
They'll sit down and say, look, you can do whatever.
You can be Mr. Smartass.
But it doesn't matter how much money you have or how powerful you believe you are.
Bullets kill people and you have children and they're going to die.
And I've been around.
Now, let's talk about this professionally.
If I know drug gangs who do that over control of a street corner, you're telling me they're
not going to do that for control of the largest economies on the planet?
You're telling me there's not going to be a single conversation about the fact that your
children are walking the street for the largest economies on the planet?
It's a very scary world these men live in.
And I feel like they've had to do a deal with certain interests to survive, unfortunately.
And it kind of feels that way and it's scary.
And then you end up looking at your own position and you're like, OK, well, I do run my mouth
a lot.
But having a political view and having actual power are different things.
These people have actual power to press buttons.
And those are the ones they have to keep their finger on.
So I don't want to say anything bad about Elon.
I really agree with you.
He truly saved the world.
But it's just a hypocrisy in so many people's views.
You know, I talk to people and they're anti, let's say the UK right now with the locking
down everybody for telling the truth about the immigration.
And they understand that the native people of the UK want to keep their country British
and they want to protect it.
And they completely understand that.
But then they're against Gaza.
And I'm like, to me, you either believe in people's ancestral light to their homeland and
to defend it or you don't.
But people seem to always have this hypocrisy on certain issues.
It's very interesting.
Well, that's psychology, too.
And I spoke about it on my show.
And obviously, I've earned the full ire of the mainstream media.
And I don't care because for me, and that offer was there.
I mean, it was very clear to me that this is the one issue.
If you don't talk about it, you can maintain a comfortable life for you and your kids.
But I just didn't like how many times I kept finding in the history of Israel and in
the present of Israel defense for pedophiles.
It just didn't work for me.
Like, you know, that Zionists were so hardcore about Israel, were defending pedophilia.
And I pressed an accidental button when I started speaking about Sigmund Freud.
The Freud family is what created propaganda.
You know, Edward Bernays, the Freud family is what created PR, the biggest PR firms in
the world.
And they just keep coming up with pedophilia scandals.
Clement Freud, pedophile.
Sigmund, I mean, Sigmund Freud, pedophile.
His father, a pedophile.
Defending his friend, William Fleece, a pedophile.
And when you can then trace that, and it's funny you talk about the streets, these were people
that were weapons dealers and drug dealers that then started Hollywood, right?
They started Hollywood.
Charlie Chaplin, a pedophile who was under one of their thumbs.
And you start realizing when you speak to people in Hollywood and they start speaking
about the fact that there's so much pedophilia that's always taken place throughout Hollywood
from the 20s, which you could say was the golden age that really Hollywood got established,
all the way through to now, the ADL got started defending a pedophile.
So to me, if this state is going to be on the side of pedophilia, and for whatever reason
people keep turning the other cheek that everyone who supports this state seems to be okay with
the pedophile origins, the ADL is now involved in our government, we know that a lot of these
people in our government are being blackmailed.
I wonder why.
I personally want to hear my conspiracy theorist.
I think pornography websites are basically, they're able to figure out what your demented
interests are.
So these people, they're making you more and more perverse, more and more perverse.
Suddenly you're watching some weird stuff and then they got you watching some 12-year-old
girl, whatever it is, boom, you're under their control.
And I think this is what Jeffrey Epstein, all of his stuff is about getting men who would
be in positions of power to acquiesce to some like pedophilic pornography and then they're
under their control.
I really believe that.
I think you're right.
And there's two things I'm going to say.
First, I'm going to say they've checked my hard drives.
And I love to say that to everybody who says, Andrew, you're a draft worker.
They've literally checked my hard drives.
For the last four years, my hard drives have been checked.
Check the hard drives of 99% of people in the mainstream.
Go check their hard drives.
Here we are four years into this human trafficking garbage.
No one's even seen a video or a picture of a single woman claiming to be human trafficked.
It's completely insane.
Secondly, you're right.
There's also a psychological component, which I think ties into the masculine because men
are built in a way where we like to show dominance.
And you show dominance in many different ways.
But one of the ways you do it is by having access to things other people can't have access
to.
So I feel like if you get these losers and then you put them in a position of power for
the first time in their life, and then you tell them that nobody's allowed to be a pedophile,
but you are, that actually makes it more tempting than it was before.
Not because of the pedophilic interest.
It's because they're allowed to do something others can't do.
And that's a power ego trick, which once again makes it more appealing.
It's kind of interesting how the male mind will work.
But I know if you take an idiot and you give him some power and say, you can do this,
but no one else can, he's going to be tempted by that thing, no matter what it is.
I mean, that's why men do a lot of things.
That's the reason we buy fancy cars.
Is it really the cars or because other people can't get it?
That's the whole point.
It's the peacocking.
It's like, look what I can do.
And amongst their perverse social circles, I guess it's a badge of honor to a degree.
And then we're also going to talk about the fact that a lot of these men are not particularly
attractive and haven't been attractive their whole lives.
Like I have another theory.
And once again, I have no data at all to back this up, but I find it very interesting that
it's Western politicians, which are primarily caught up with these things, primarily, you
know, like you, you see a Russian billionaire, a Russian oligarch, whatever, and he has a
wife and then he gets caught cheating with his girlfriend.
He has some girlfriend somewhere.
Cool.
And then we'll be like, ah, that's terrible.
That, uh, yeah, cool.
That's terrible.
Fine.
But then what do the Western politicians do?
They walk around with Mike, sorry, Michelle, they walk around with their wife and then they
get caught on islands.
So like, is that any better?
Well, why are the Western politicians gay?
That's another thing.
And that, and that is what kind of leads me to believe that a lot of these people are
being blackmailed and they're being selected for these positions.
I mean, Emmanuel Macron is a homosexual.
There's no question about that.
Zelensky is a homosexual.
You've got, uh, I was going to say, I almost said Fidel Castro, uh, Trudeau, Fidel's son.
Um, you got Trudeau.
He's a homosexual.
Barack Obama was a homosexual.
And then finally, when we get in the West, a president who's definitely not a homosexual,
Donald Trump, the entire, they just freak out.
They completely lose their minds.
This guy cannot be president.
He's not allowed to be president because there's no aspect of the most extreme form of blackmail,
which is like, if we know that you have engaged in pedophilia, that you've been involved in
any of these weird sexual scenarios, we can control you in office.
And there's obviously the deep state thing is not a conspiracy theory.
It's part of the reason why they didn't want Tucker to conduct that interview with Putin.
And because the, the first thing Putin said is like, you know, I don't deal with your
president.
I'm dealing with the CIA, right?
That is the deep state.
He's like, the president, I don't talk to him.
The CIA is, is who's controlling your nations, which means that our democracy, the Republic,
it's, it's an illusion.
Yep.
Oh, a hundred percent true.
And when I say things, I don't, obviously exceptions disprove the rule.
I talk in the general, but in general, it is the masculine, which protects the society
in general.
And in general, feminine and more accepting of certain things and gays are closer to the
feminine.
So we say that we have men in charge.
None of these people you named are men.
None of them are masculine.
There's nothing masculine about them.
The true masculine essence is being prepared to die on a hill.
And the number one thing we died for us is the dawn of human time was our land and our
women and our children.
That's what we died for.
And the reason we were prepared to die for them is because we know we could never be assimilated
into another tribe.
If there was another tribe on the other side of the hill, even if they outnumbered us 10 to
one, we knew that if they managed to get into the village, we were dead.
Our, the women can assimilate into their tribe because the women can join their tribe and
have children.
The women will be taken.
We die.
So we're prepared to fight.
So the masculine essence, truthfully, is to be able to stand up against an army, you
know, you can't beat and fight to the bitter end.
And that's why they don't want anyone masculine in power because then they can't be influenced.
We just talked about those shadow figures making the phone calls.
We don't want anyone who sends there like Trump and says, no, I don't care.
That's not how this is going to go.
So they like weakness.
So even the idea of having a man in charge, all these people we just named aren't men.
They're homosexual, which brings them pretty much close to the girls.
And when I say girls, not in a negative, insulting way, I'm trying to explain the feminine mindset
of we can assimilate with the enemy more than we must fight and die on this hill with the
enemy.
And that's why they're doing it all.
And you're right.
It's, it's certainly a coincidence.
And it's also an extremely interesting coincidence that, I mean, global homo LGBT, that is the
culture of the West now.
It's the number one thing you can't insult.
You can't go against, you can't degrade, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can burn
an American flag before you can burn a pride flag.
You'll catch a prison term for that.
It's truly the new God.
You can insult Jesus all day long, but you can't insult LGBT in a Christian country.
And if you look at any of the American embassies in all of their vassal states, the first thing
they do is try and push this LGBT insanity.
They try and push this global homo everywhere they can to erode the masculine spirit.
We talk about how the family's under attack, and it certainly is.
There's a lot of ways it's under attack.
LGBT is one of them.
It's one of the things they use.
But I mean, there's a million different ways they've destroyed the nucleus of the cell.
I was having this conversation the other day, I was talking to somebody and we were
saying, well, we're talking about men dying on hills, like I just said.
It was after my Jesus protest, after I protested, because I was supposed to go to jail for that.
Because I didn't have a license.
I didn't have a permit to protest.
I'm on judicial control.
I'm supposed to get six months mandatory.
So I said bye to everyone, said to Tristan, ready for jail, packed a bag, went there to
go to jail.
So put me in jail for, for, for, for, for respecting Jesus.
Put me in jail.
I dare you.
And even they knew better than that.
So they were just like, ah, please, please go home.
So they didn't put me in jail, but, um, I was ready to do it.
And I was talking about dying on a hill and I was talking to a girl and she's like, yeah,
but you know, men aren't men anymore.
And I said, but this is the thing that's so interesting.
If you actually analyze how they've destroyed society, because you're right, men aren't
men anymore.
But if you want to talk about dying on hills, you don't just need rich men or famous men.
You actually need the common man.
You need every man.
And most men in my position, especially financially are not interested in getting in any kind
of trouble, right?
We're interested in protecting our profits more than we are the protecting a particular
street or particular society or particular ideal.
Most of the people at my level of wealth just sell out and just bounce.
So I'm like, you need the common man to be prepared to die on a hill.
And that's why certain agendas, like when you talk about this LGBT stuff or when they
talk about, or they show that if you marry a woman and that woman betrays you and she wants
the son's penis chopped off, then she's going to win.
Or feminism or all these different things.
I tried to explain to her that if a man doesn't feel like he's the king of his own household,
why would he feel like he has any duty to protect anything, right?
So we don't even have common men with a woman having a family in a society and the man feels
like he's the head of the house and he feels like he has a duty to defend that house.
Even the people who, the common man and the common woman, when they are getting together,
the man doesn't feel like he's the king of the house.
So he doesn't feel like he has an obligation to protect it.
And then there's a whole bunch of men, a large swath of the population who don't get
any girls at all.
And girls are just on social media trying to chase the top 5% of men who are only interested
in protecting their profits and nothing else, who are globalist anyway, because they fly
all around the world.
And we look at Western society as a whole.
I was talking to this girl and she's like, yeah, but men don't stick up for us.
I'm like, the man you need to stick up for you is the exact kind of man you ignore.
You don't even reply to his messages.
You want the guy over there in Mykonos who has no interest in anything but yacht fuel pricing.
So society is actually so truly broken that they've managed to just infiltrate it from
every single level because the nucleus of the cell is damaged.
And LGBT is another huge part of that, right?
They are so desperate to prevent the idea of a man living a woman having kids and the
man being the head of the house and the man being prepared to protect that house from all
ideals.
That's what they're scared of the most.
Well, this gets into why I think that they attacked you.
It actually wasn't my idea.
So I have to give credit here to Dave Smith because he's wonderful and I had him on for
a couple of hours last week and he introduced a fact to me and I'm like, oh my gosh, this
is totally why they attacked Donald Trump.
It's why they attacked you.
He was actually referring to David Duke and how there was this full media left and right
attempt when he was running for governor to take him down and how somebody had written
an article about how strange it was because they tried to say it was because he was in
the KKK.
But obviously people that were in the KKK just went on and became the Democrat Party.
Nobody cared about that.
And actually what it was was that he unexpectedly galvanized the populist right.
And he said it's the only thing that the establishment is actually really fearful of is people that
for whatever reason are able to galvanize real men.
He's like, you know, the populist left, nobody cares.
Like, you know, the blue hair, tattoos, skateboarders.
But the populist right are people who know how to shoot, who know how to hunt and who will
go to war for their families.
So any person that unexpectedly galvanizes men, men that like embody true natural masculinity
is going to be attacked by the matrix.
I never understood why you were so it made no sense to me.
He's like, I met you with George years ago.
And then suddenly I looked up and every single person was doing like an Andrew Tate is this
video.
And then I realized, oh, OK, after Dave Smith put that piece together for me, I'm like,
he unexpectedly galvanized what would be the populist right.
You're talking about men returning to masculinity.
You know, it doesn't matter what they say.
You can be great.
All of this stuff that cannot happen when they're trying to turn everyone into a homosexual
because it's easier to subjugate homosexuals because, you know, homosexual men aren't going
to be an army of people that go and try to like grab their guns and take on the government.
Well, they're used to bending over.
Yeah.
So, I mean, it's and that's what the government wants you to do.
Right.
They're used to bending over.
In fact, they quite like it, which is exactly what the government wants you to do.
And and no, I think you're right.
I I was fortunate or unfortunate enough to reach such a large subsect of the population.
And I was making it clear that masculinity in some on some level is saying no.
That's what being a man is being a man is saying no.
Even if you look at raising a child, right, it's the father who's typically the disciplinarian
saying no.
And they've tried to label that as hateful.
They try and label you as hateful when you have standards.
But truthfully, you love things, right?
If you love your family or you hate everything that's against your family, there's no light
without dark.
So they'll just say you're hateful because you're anti LGBT and you're anti whatever.
But truthfully, you love something else.
And they try and miss that part out.
And I managed to be massively successful, primarily also with young males, which they really got
upset about because it was a perfect storm that ended up putting me in jail.
But I had all these young males following me.
And then I had my program that allowed them to make money and they start making more money
than their teachers.
And they're going to school saying, I don't need you anymore and blah, blah, blah.
Then they were holding me accountable for absolutely everything anyone ever said.
The number of articles that have been printed about me where they say some guy has done some
heinous crime and he followed Andrew Tate on Twitter, 9.8 million people follow me on
Twitter, right?
It's completely insane.
They try and tie these things to me.
I have a strong suspicion Keir Starmer is going to come at me.
I'll say here first.
He's going to try and say I incited the riots for saying you should have a border.
But that's what I think they're going to try and do.
Everything is automatically my fault.
The Matrix is just out to get me.
There are people in rooms in three or four different countries who are just sitting there
trying to find a way to put me in jail.
It's kind of scary.
But yeah, I guess there's no light without dark.
You can't cast you can't shine bright without casting a shadow.
And my basic message has always been, yeah, the true essence of masculinity, which is saying
no and not being afraid to be that person in the room who disagrees with the 17 people.
You know, that's that's what it's truthfully about.
And that's what they're scared of.
And they want you to instead bend over.
And I don't think many people at home actually understand how, you know, you say you've been
around.
COVID was a perfect example, but there's a lot of examples of it.
But when you've seen enough of life, you see how power corrupts people and how evil
people can actually be.
I think the large swath of the populace who are just slowly going along with all of this,
they don't believe that people are inherently evil.
They're like, oh, well, I'm not evil.
And why would they do that?
I heard that all the time.
Why would they make us get an injection if it doesn't help us?
Why would they?
Why would they?
I don't think they understand the true dark hearts that come from a man who just wants
to satisfy his ego.
There are people out there who just liked to laugh.
They like to laugh at you wearing a mask and injecting yourself with poison.
They thought it was funny.
And and power absolutely corrupts.
We're run by these people in the world now.
They're born into these families or they're so they're so corrupted morally, but also financially.
Money is not even real.
We talk about a lot of things.
People say, oh, it's all about the money.
And I say that is such an optimistic view that you believe it's all about the money because
it's not about the money.
It's about controlling people and it's about destroying their spirits.
It's about destroying their souls.
These people print money.
Why do they need money?
They print it.
They don't have to make it.
They just press a button.
If you think they're doing things for money, then you don't understand how deep the rabbit
hole goes.
They don't actually care about money, which is why they destroyed the whole economy in the
first place.
They don't care about money.
What they care about is making you comply.
For the same reason, a loser becomes a police officer.
They're bullies and they're cowards and they have no actual innate power and they're empty
inside and they don't believe in anything.
And they want you to comply.
They want you to obey.
They want to intimidate you so they feel like they're something.
That's why weak people in charge are so dangerous because we all see what they do once they're
weak.
I saw Keir Starmer's stupid face.
Put me in jail.
I saw his stupid face standing up there.
Oh, we're going to arrest everyone trying to act like a tough guy.
I saw the weakness in his eyes.
I know what kind of person he is.
He's not a good person.
And he's saying the people of the UK are not allowed a point of view anymore.
You're not allowed to speak.
Full Stasi.
It's incredible.
It's actually quite scary.
Yeah.
And what's interesting, too, is there were a ton of studies done that the globalists,
even at a certain point.
And I am talking about the reason why Sigmund Freud, despite the fact that he was a pedophile
and protected pedophiles, is still taught in the classroom is because he is sort of the
father of psychology because he gave them this award and he was actually a Kabbalist.
And so he worshipped the Jewish Kabbalah and the Zohar was his book.
And so he basically trained and they ran these programs to even see how they could create
a psychopath, right?
And how they figured out that they could create a psychopath was molestation was a component
of this, like molest them from the time that they are a child.
And so I don't think people understand that if a man was raped when he was a child and then
was exposed to all of these other elements and then becomes a world leader, he has an
element of psychopathology that has been intentionally bred into him.
And he has been, and he will do things in a way that you will be shocked.
People talked about how Emmanuel Macron during COVID, the French people were saying like,
they realized he was a psychopath.
Like there was something he was getting, like there was a sadistic element in torturing
people in a way that, for example, if you had a woman with a family, which is why even
saying like women should have families before you allow them to go climb a ladder, they are
moving these aspects that are natural where you're going, oh, maybe I shouldn't torture these
people and let these people die alone.
Well, these leaders don't think that way.
Like you have to confront the actual evil that we are facing.
Like this is a cult of people and they are literally deriving pleasure from your pain.
Well, let's talk about a historical, let's use some historical context.
We're in the country of Romania.
So Dracula is based here in Transylvania.
Dracula is based on Vlad the Impaler, which was a man who had a castle about three hours from
here and he was famous for impaling people.
He put a spike up one hole and out the other and he'd impale them and stick them out on the
streets. And what he was doing is when he was fighting the Ottomans, every time he'd kill an
Ottoman, he'd impale them. But the Ottoman army outnumbered his six, seven to one. So he decided
to try and scare them. So he went into local villages of his own people and impaled them
and just stuck them on sticks and just put them all along the road. So when the Ottomans started
marching, they'd marched for hours, seeing all these impaled people. He impaled people and chose
impalement and got pleasure from impaling people because he was molested as child because he,
because the Ottomans, when they got hold of him, sodomized him. So when he became the leader,
he thought, ah, I'll show you all a lesson. And he, and he impaled everybody. That was his thing.
So that exactly what you just said, exactly what you just said. These people are morally corrupted.
And if you sit there and think that these leaders have any interest at all in you,
you know, it's kind of interesting to me. People always say, ah, the politicians are so stupid.
And once again, that's a very optimistic view. They're not stupid. They know what they're doing.
And you are confused and you think they're stupid because you think they work for you.
You think, ah, I hired the, I hired the politician. The politician is my representative and he's going
to go there to represent my interests. And when he doesn't represent your interests,
you think he's done. No, he works for someone else. He uses this whole, you can vote for me,
democracy garbage to allow you to put it, to allow you to, to, to, to accept him sitting up there and
doing the opposite of absolutely everything you've ever asked for. There's not a single politician
doing anything any of their people have ever asked for nearly ever in the West.
They work for someone else. They work for shadow lobbies and hidden interests and big money and
banks, and they work for a completely different team. They're doing the exact right votes. They're
voting exactly how they're supposed to. They know they're doing their job fantastically.
Your confusion is you believe they give a about you and they never have, and they don't.
And we could talk about all of this, like I said, philosophically, but it's very interesting
because the world is cyclical and everything goes around in circles. You know, you have an M,
you have a King who's in charge of his empire. And after a while, the King son is, he's still a good
King, but he's not as good. And then the next King son has just been too spoiled and everything
becomes decadent and you don't want them to be King anymore. And there's a revolution and you fight
for democracy and then democracy comes and there's a fantastic democracy at the beginning and everybody
cares. And now three or four generations later, everyone's just robbing and stealing as much as
they can. And nobody cares about the population anymore. And now you have people inside of America who
would very happily put Trump as King for the rest of his life and put his son in charge and then
you go back to royalty. It's like the world is cyclical and nothing lasts forever. And when I
talk to Americans, especially, they don't have this concept that America can fall. They're like,
oh, but what will happen to America? I'm like, it's going to fall. Like, what do you mean it's
going to fall? Nothing lasts forever. If you lived in Rome and you had these beautiful coliseums and
these marble arches and you're wearing your robe and you had all your slaves and you're eating grapes,
you can't ever imagine it on fire. One day, one day you woke up and you looked at Rome and you were
like, no way. This is the world. This is the civilized world. This is Rome. There's nowhere
else. It's still burnt down. That's what happens with decadence over time. And everyone talks about
the fall of Rome and we compare it to the fall of the West. And I mean, there's a lot of similarities
to the fact that the native men grew decadent. They didn't want to go to war. They didn't want to
protect it anymore. They decided to open the gates to the barbarians instead to prevent
them from setting everything on fire. They said, y'all, you can come be Roman. They came
in, were desatisfied with what they had. And before you know, there's an internal rebellion
and everything burnt. And it's, it's, it's really interesting to watch America as it is
now. And the answer to all of these things, I mean, it starts, it starts with masculinity
at home, but I think the reason they actually fear Trump so heavily is not because he's going
to make any large policy changes because they still have their fingers on all the strings.
And even if he makes a change, they can change it right back. They're scared of the culture
shift. They're scared of Trump winning because it's going to inspire men to be more masculine.
And that's what they're actually afraid of. They're afraid of a big man being a big man.
They're afraid of him standing up and saying things, you know, they are furious.
This reporter you named who, I don't even know who she is. That's how insignificant she is.
Mm-hmm. People like them can't stand the fact that when he says grab her by the pussy, we're
like, so? I literally couldn't have cared less about that. Yeah, so. It's like locker room talk.
Yeah. Who cares? Who cares? I was like, what do you mean you don't care? It's like, I don't care.
Okay. I hate to interrupt again, but I have to tell you guys about American financing. I know the
stress, the economic stress that so many people are going through right now, feeling like you are
constantly having to put your expenses on a credit card, which obviously only increases the stress
because you're trying to find a way out of the never-ending cycle of debt. Well, here's something
you can do. You can call my friends at American Financing. They're helping people just like you
turn things around by using the equity in their homes to pay off high interest debt. They understand
what you're going through, and they talk to people in your position every single day. American
Financing is saving their borrowers an average of $854 a month, which when you total it comes to
effectively a $10,000 a year raise. And if you want to get started, you may not even have to pay
next month's mortgage payment if you call them today. There is no better time than right now
to turn your situation around. So call 800-795-1210. That's 800-795-1210. Or you can visit
AmericanFinancing.net slash Owens. Again, that's AmericanFinancing.net slash Owens.
You know what's really interesting about American elections? I've always found this interesting because
I watch all the rigged elections all around the globe, and they're all rigged. But the American
election is a very interesting one because it's the only election I've ever seen in the world where
everyone is obsessed with killing their own children. There's no other election I've ever
seen this. I've never seen the French talk about it. I don't see the British talk about it. It's not
even on the agenda. And I was talking to somebody who I'm actually quite personally close with,
and they were a Joe Biden supporter, and they now admit that Joe Biden was corrupt, and they admit
that COVID was wrong, and they admit the vaccine's poison. They admit all of these things. I'm like,
so you're voting Trump. It's just like, ah, but I can't vote Trump because of Roe versus Wade.
I was like, listen, we're talking about World War III, Israel, Lebanon, Gaza, Iran, World War III,
Russia, Ukraine. We're talking about inflation. Nobody can even pay their bills. Talk about an
open border where thousands of people without passports are parading across the border,
blood on the streets, drugs on the street. Don't you think there's more important things
than at which week you can kill your own child? How stupid are you? The fact these people even exist
shows that it's almost over for the West. The fact there are people who still believe that
Kamala is going to somehow be a good leader. It should be 99% Trump. The fact is even 30%.
Who are these humans? Name one time she stood up and said how she's going to fix a single problem.
I'd love to sit with her and say, Kamala, okay, I'm going to give you a fair shot. Never met you
before. Please explain an issue and explain to me your compendious plan of how you're going to
fix that issue. In two minutes, go. Oh, inflation's bad. We know. How you can fix it?
We need more money. Yeah, we know. How you can fix it? She can't even answer a question.
And there's people out there sitting there going, yeah, she's good. Why is she good? Well,
she's a woman. Bro, it's so over. It's so incredible. It's like, it's incredible how just
psyop people can be. It's scary. Well, that stuff is what's bred in the classrooms. And that's why I
really do believe, well, there's no question, like our education system, even from kindergarten,
was established by communists. Like they, we had this huge influx of people. It's actually a really
important time in world history for people to realize the 1848ers, so to speak. They tried to
overthrow what today is Germany and it failed. And then a bunch of them who tried to overthrow the
government came to America and they went on to become Pfizer, people who instituted kindergarten.
And I think that really when our government got completely taken over, like McCarthy was actually
a hero saying like commies are here. We're taught in the classroom that he was like this paranoid
person. No, he was trying to save America. America died the day they shot JFK. The last
Catholic president shot in broad daylight by the deep state. They took over because he was going
to shatter it. He had realized that the commies were in control. I mean, the CIA doesn't represent
American interests at all. Like they're, they're all about just subjugating the world. They're
global, global elites. I think the CIA and the Mossad are the exact same organization,
but it's fascinating to see that you do see these, this recurrence of people that are repeating
things that they've learned in the classroom over and over again. Feminism is implemented in the
American mindset for women from, I mean, from the time we are in grade school, from the time,
I mean, even little projects they're doing, like to try to basically let them know that the most
important thing is standing up for female rights. And so there are these like childhood traumas
that they hit on when they say like, oh, abortion. And you're like, oh, in high school, I was taught
like, you know, that if I, if I don't fight about this issue and we give the state's going to control
my body, it's completely made up and it's a nonsense, but it's psychological conditioning
that's hard to break because it happens when you're a child. And the same way that those studies proved
you molest a kid, then for life, you can kind of create this person into a psychopath. And you
will see that there is a thread between men that have been molested and they do become psychopaths.
Like, I mean, and they hate in a way that doesn't make sense to most people. And it's the same thing
for these women. Like these feminists don't even realize it's like a childhood trauma. They made you
watch some movie in health class and told you that your rights are going to be taken away unless
you're allowed to kill your baby. It's a nonsense. It's insane. The state's going to control your
body, but they'll get the injections. Same people will get all the vaccine injections when you talk
about patrolling your body. You're right. It's a, it's a massive logic fail. And I mean, like I said,
misogynist, blah, blah. But feminism is one of the most destructive mindsets they've installed in
the entire population because feminism prevents birth rates. And I mean, you can argue about a hundred
different things, but you'd like to agree that if you have a population, the population needs to
sustain itself at least, right? You'd say if you have a thousand people and you want to have a
civilization of a thousand people in 200 years from then, they need to have children. We could all agree
that population is important, right? Feminism is extremely destructive to that. It's destructive
because it makes the women not want to have kids, but more importantly, it makes men not want to have
kids with the feminists. I can't tolerate them. They're intolerable people. They're the worst
possible people. I think men build and protect society. We're certainly building it. We're
failing to protect it, but women have the magic. Women have the ability to reproduce and birth rates
are falling. It's kind of interesting. You look at why the borders are open or why all these people
are flooding into the nation, which is thinning the culture. We'll talk about that in a second, but
I guess from a macro and a micro, you look at things differently. Like if you look at these two cups
close up, you can see they're very different things, but if you look at them from space, they're just two
cups. And I think the people who are in charge of the world are saying, okay, well, birth rates have been
decimated. That's being done. You could argue purposefully because they want to get rid of,
we talk about the white replacement. I don't think it's so much about white people. I think
it's about entitled people. I think they don't like that. The average Westerner now wants medical
care and sick pay and holidays, and they don't want any of this. They want to get rid of all the
people who have standards for themselves and their quality of life. And they want to replace them
with second world and third world slaves who will just work endlessly. That's what the globalists
want. So they're trying to remove by destroying the birth rates of the
native populations because they have standards for themselves. And they're trying to replace
them with people who they believe will just do endless work forever. Turns out that's not the
case. A lot of them don't even work at all, but from the macro, it's just person, person to them.
They're the same. If you're living inside of that society, you understand it's not the case. You can be
a Christian from a particular area or a particular ethnicity, and your town has always been a certain
way. And you have someone come in from a completely other side of the world with a completely
different mindset, completely different view on society and how they should function. And your
society is being degraded. But what's the answer to these things? Well, the answer to these things
are women need to have children. If women won't have children, it's over. I put a tweet up that
really pissed off white people. I don't know if you saw it. They got really mad. It went super viral.
I'll send it to you. And I was saying to the white people that it's over. I was saying the white race
and all you Christian crusaders and white people and everyone who's sitting up and talking about how
important it is you need to restore the West to Christianity and this white ethno state and Nick Fuentes
and all these people and Nick who I actually agree with along a lot of things. If you're not having
kids, you don't have a future. If you're not having children, you don't have a future. That's the
bottom line of it, right? So they talk and they insult these immigrants, which I completely understand
why they do it. They're like, we're going to have mass deportations, which is a fantasy. And they're
saying, we're going to keep our countries for us. No, you're not because an immigrant turns up and
has seven, eight children. You're paying for it with your taxes and you can't convince your wife to have
more than one because she wants Chanel bags. Well, then how are you going to have a future,
right? You can argue whether it's the weakness of the man. I don't know if it's the weakness of the
man or if it's the feminism that's inside of the woman. I don't know what it is, but I even just
started doing this experiment when I wrote that tweet out. I was like, how many white families,
pure white families do I know outside of the Mormons, they do all right, that have more than two or
three kids? There's hardly any. So you could talk about the replacement of white nations. Yeah,
it's happening because there's no native birth rate and that's down to feminism and that's down to this
whole gender dynamic being broken. Well, they're also trying to convince women to act like men and
for men to act like women. I mean, even straight men are homosexual. That's how I feel. Even men
that are straight, I'm like, but you act like a homosexual. And it was one of those things that
people were asking me, you know, I didn't actually feel like, and this is kind of surprising because
it was the UK, that I even met real men until I went to the UK. There's like, it was very hard for
me in America. I will say I was in New York City, so there's obviously homosexual straight men,
you know what I'm saying here. And then I get to the UK and I meet my husband and like, he hunts,
he shoots, he knows how to skin an animal. And I'm like, okay, that's what I want. Like, I want
a masculine man. And so it's interesting because you've sort of, you and your brother have opened
up this debate in America about what is true masculinity, right? This is the argument. They're
not truly masculine. You don't, you shouldn't follow that. Like what's truly masculine? And now you
ask, okay, then what is your prototype? Tell me who is, who we should be following. If it's not the
tape brothers, what is real masculinity? I've asked this question before and I've gotten some
answers to people. Some people will say, you know, well, Jordan Peterson is a better example
of masculinity, you know? And so your idea is that people that have philosophy and talk about
masculinity is true masculinity. If a war came tomorrow, just post, just asking this question,
by the way, I'm not, maybe the answer is yes. I don't know. Do you think that like Jordan Peterson
has the skills, if everything's taken away and you're in the wilderness, that's how I think
my husband and me are surviving. We are surviving in the wilderness and you're not because you are
now married to a straight homosexual, you know, who like he's straight, but he's also a homosexual.
Oh, you nailed it. They're all gay. Everyone's gay. No, you literally nailed it. I had this
conversation with someone the other day. I was talking to some guy and I was saying that I don't
trust a female pilot. And he said, why? I said, it's not because I'm misogynist. It's because I think
men are calm or under pressure. Men are calm or under pressure. And he goes, why do you think that?
So why are you pretending you're confused as to why I think that? Haven't you gone through life
and ever just seen a high pressure environment? Or is it just me when I've been in high pressure
environments and I see women, they're not built for it. They're not supposed to be.
Unless it's kids, then it's the exact flip.
Yeah. Well, then they're ready to kill.
Something happens with the kids. Yes. And then suddenly like, I'm like, George is just like,
I don't know. He's crying. I can't focus. I'm like, what do you mean he's crying? Like,
that's like, I can do 20 things at once with children and you're like, oh, biology is real. Like we have
these natural proclivities and they're real. A hundred percent. Absolutely true. And you're
right. And there's men. I find it extremely weird that you see these men who are begging for a
female president. I mean, it just feels gay. It's gay. It's gay. Very gay. I want a woman to be my
boss. Like it's just gay. It's just gay. I don't know what else to say. It's so weird. These people,
and you're right. They often say, oh, Andrew, you're not masculine because you're insecure. And I say,
well, why am I insecure? Why do you have all those cars? Because I'm rich. Yeah. But why do you need
to show off all those cars? It's kind of interesting. Like the modern world was built
by men trying to prove their capabilities and prove they could do things. That's what the
whole world is. That's all it's ever been. We've now come along with this whole global homo
bullshit trying to convince you that a real man is so secure in himself. He lets his wife get
fucked. Okay, great. That's a real man. But truthfully, the real men were, I'm going to go
over and try and cross Antarctica by foot because no one's done it. Well, that doesn't make sense.
You'll freeze to death. Maybe, but I might do it. Right? So why do men, why are we in
skyscrapers? Why have we gone to Mars? Why do men buy expensive things? Why do we do hard things?
That's what masculinity has always been. That's how the world was built. But now they're going to come
along and say, no, that's not masculinity. Masculinity is not trying to be the best version
of yourself and proving to the world that you can do what others can't do. The reason I bought 65 cars
is I can put them in a row and it looks funny. Ha ha. Look, I can. Freacock. Look what I can do. Ha.
That's it. It doesn't have to go any deeper than that. I don't have to drive them. I can't even
name most of them. But they've now convinced you that true masculinity is being so sure within
yourself that you don't have to prove anything to anybody. Well, if you don't have to prove
anything to anybody, then you don't have any capability. So you're actually a useless idiot.
And if you're going to sit there and be so arrogant that you believe you have no duty to the society or
to your woman or to your ancestors, and you can just be secure in yourself and I don't need to prove
myself to nobody and I'm just secure in myself. Well, you're one of the sheep being led to the
slaughter because you have absolutely no capabilities whatsoever. They'll say a real
man. I've gotten arguments on podcasts all the time. They say a real man's secure and lets his
girl have male friends. I'm like, there's a male friend line. Sure. There's a line. Hi,
hi. How are you? Boom, boom. If my girl's going out on dates with some dude, like this is clown world.
No. It's peak clown world. And there are men who buy into this psyop. And it's kind of interesting
when, because one of the most common questions I get asked is, Andrew, why do you still talk? Why
don't you just shut up and disappear? And it's like, well, you have two choices. You either fight
against this programming that's out there, or I guess to a degree you accept it. And then you have a new
internal fight because your house is a mess because your woman doesn't respect you and you're depressed
and sad and you have some mental condition. You've decided you have OCD or ADHD or some garbage you saw
on the TV once. And you either fight an internal war or you fight a war against the external,
because this is really crazy what they're trying to implement. And I like the question you asked,
like, what is a man? Truthfully, a man, I believe is being able to do the things that are hard or do
things you don't want to do because you're supposed to do them. I think that's what a man's always been.
A man is supposed to be strong. He needs to be strong. So he has to become strong. That's his job.
A man is supposed to be brave. It's not that you can't feel fear. It's that you have to be brave.
Oh, an attacker's here. I'm afraid, but I'm a man. So I will go and engage the attacker. It is my job.
And now we're teaching men, oh, you don't have to do what you don't feel like doing. You can do what
you do feel like doing. And they somehow think that this is dismantling toxic masculinity when
in fact, it's actually doing the opposite because men are born with an innate propensity for violence.
And then you have men who rape and kill and murder and school shooters. When you tell men to act out
their feelings, you have some little idiot who's been on drugs his whole life for some imaginary
mental condition. This is why you get school shooters in the first place. You should be
being taught stoicism, not this garbage. So yeah, no one can even answer what a man is.
They need to be aggressive. I see this. I now have two sons. My son, he wants to go to war. He wants
to be a Spartan. He wants to send him into the wilderness and he's going to come back in two
weeks, like the beginning of the movie 300, you know, and see if he survives. I'm like, okay,
this is innate. He wakes up, he grabs a sword, him and my husband just instantly go at it,
you know? And I'm like, dude, please just come to me if you want to hug. Like, I just don't,
I don't want to fight. I don't want to wake up and grab swords and fight you. Come to mommy when
you need love. And when he's sick, he comes to mommy, you know, but when he's feeling good,
he wants nothing to do with mommy. He wants to go fight. He's like, he wakes up and goes,
where's my father? And he's holding a sword, you know? And I'm just like, I think he's in there.
You know what I mean? And that's beautiful. And people want to suppress that, you know?
And, and, and you, well, they fear it. They fear it. Yes. And they want to suppress that aggression,
that natural aggression. I'm like, no, like, you know, you want to curate that in a way that,
yes. If something happens to this family, I want to make sure that everyone can defend this family
in the right way. My job is to take care of the children. Like it is, it is my husband's job to
be able to go out and hunt and shoot and fish and do all the things that he does with, you know,
with his guy friends when they go on these trips and go hunting, like they need to be able to survive
in the wilderness. And now we've created these straight homos who are like, well, I read the New
York Times every day. And I'm so, so I'm quite educated on this topic of vaccine so I can keep
my family safe from the invisible virus. Well, this is the thing where everything goes back to
the propensity for violence, right? So you sit and you talk to these people who, these straight homos
say, I read the New York Times every day. And I sit there and I look at them and I just think,
if I grabbed you by your neck, you know, I say in my videos, I grabbed you by your throat. I say it,
but I mean it. I mean it. It doesn't matter. The bottom line is, is violence. The bottom line is
how capable you are defending yourself and the people you care about. That's the bottom line
of masculinity. What's crazy is in the West, especially is we're importing all these people
who understand this, right? We're importing a whole bunch of people who grew up in a very
violent world. And they understand that violence is a solution to problems sometimes. And they
understand they may get caught, but they might not. Right. And, and we're raising a native
population of men who believe violence is never the answer and that violence doesn't exist.
They're pacifists. They don't believe in violence. Oh, you don't believe in violence.
So if I break it to your house, you don't believe in violence or you do believe in violence. You
just want the police to be violent for you because you're a ****. So you believe in it just the same
because you'll call the cops. If you'd ever call the cops, you believe in violence because you just
want to do it by proxy. So everyone believes in violence. They just want to be detached from it.
We want to pretend we live in a world where violence isn't real. Violence is the underpinning of
absolutely everything. And I don't think many people also understand that large, large wars
often bring a period of peace. Most people seem to understand that you have World War II and then
there's peace that comes afterwards. Although that's arguable because the American military
industrial complex has been at war ever since World War II. Nobody talks about they had World
War II and everyone talks about that one. Then there's a forgotten war in Korea. Then you go to
Vietnam and then you got the first Gulf War. They never stopped going to war. They've been at war
permanently the whole time, which is why they had to de-link the dollar from gold because everyone
worked out they were printing too many dollars, blah, blah, blah. But large periods of peace also bring war.
It's cyclical. If you have a large war that brings about the population's desire for peace, well,
the reason there's a big desire for peace is because the materials have been depleted and the
manpower has been depleted and the people are tired, of course. But then if you have a long period
of peace, you start to replenish your manpower and you start to replenish your materials. And then the
other countries around you start to do the same thing. So you try to implement trade deals or some kind
of black ops, or you try and sabotage X, Y, Z so your country does better to make sure that you
maintain hegemony over that scenario. And over time, if it's too peaceful, it's like a pressure
cooker is going to blow up. We have men now living in these peaceful, even though I wouldn't even call
them peaceful anymore, times thinking that war isn't coming or that there's not going to be some
degree of there's going to be a day where you're going to have to wake up and go, oh, today's the
day. Right. And even if it's not physical, it certainly is. It certainly is spiritual what we're
doing now. It's certainly already D-Day spiritually. When I saw here in Romania, the most Christian
nation in Europe, the most Christian nation in the world, that the government, because they're an
America cup effectively, wouldn't give permit protests, protest permits to Christians after what
France did. They wouldn't give the permits for some reason, or they delayed it. They said, yeah,
take a few months. No one will care in a few months. They know that. I had to go stand out there.
Right. I was amazed there weren't more people out there, but this is now we're already at D-Day
where you have to be prepared to sacrifice yourself, at least spiritually, at least for what you,
at least for what you believe. And I guess the alternative is just to go to bed at night and feel
like a coward. I don't know. Maybe for some men, that's better to just look in the mirror and know
they were a p***, but at least I'm not in jail. I would be sleeping perfectly f***ing fine in jail
right now because I know I went for the right reason. I'd be sleeping fine. Right. So it's truly
incredible. You're right. These straight gay men who have this very strange view on the world where
they've tried to redefine masculinity and take it away from what it truly is, because truly masculinity is
the ability to say no. And if you're going to say no, you have to defend your ability to say no.
No. That's it. You can't say no if you don't defend it. Right. No, you can't come here. Well,
we're coming anyway. Now it's fight. Right. It's kind of interesting. I've seen some things on the
internet where they say, do men really look at each other and think about fighting each other all the
time? No, not really. No. But if I walk in a room and there's seven or eight men my size,
it does cross my mind. Like, do I know who they are? Right. It's just like, because we live in that
world. Right. But all these men who can't defend the ability to say no now find themselves in this
weird quagmire where they're like, well, I can't really say no to anything because I can't defend
it. So I'm going to have to say yes to everything like a ****. But I need to find a way to look like
I'm somehow important and masculine. So let me put a feather in my ear, in my earring and read the New
York Times. And half of these people I can beat up, which is the problem. But this is a true story.
You're going to love this is it actually made me think about just exactly what you're talking about
when we talk about these straight homos. I was at a restaurant the other day with children,
sitting with children having pizza. This another gay Zionist, out of nowhere, pretends to be a fan
and then gets in my face with the camera and starts calling me an anti-Semite. If you want to see me,
I have pledged on this show, the only time I will ever get arrested is if you come up to me when I'm
with kids. That is mama bear. That is like mama bear takes out the papa bear when you're with kids.
A hundred percent. A hundred percent.
And so once I got someone to just like move the children, I went up to, he's with his wife.
Okay. His wife allowed him to do this. If my husband ever went up to a wife and children,
like a woman and children, and he thought it was six, three, get to my face.
I got so close. I think he started realizing like I was going to fight him. Like I was literally just
like, do you understand? Like I was so close to his face. I was like, you are a coward. You are pathetic.
I was like, I looked at his sons. I said, you should be ashamed of this. This is the
opposite of what a man is. His job, his instinct should be when he sees a woman and children to
protect it. I go, your, your, your father reads the New York times, thinks everything of the New
York times tells him is real. And he suddenly got like, you know, very kind of intimidated. I said,
post the picture, post the video that you shot of me. Cause I'm going to make you as famous as you
want to be. Still has not been posted. Please. If you are watching post it like this straight homo
needs to become famous. And I said to his wife, you should be ashamed. You know, you think this
is a man to come up to children and a woman, because you read something in the New York times
that told you Candace was an anti-Semite cause she doesn't support Bibi Netanyahu blowing children
to smithereens. Like that, that is your worldview now that I, I, this means I hate all Jews. Like
it's, it's such a nonsense, but this is the average man now where I was like, he needs to understand
like he, this man needs to have his ass beat. And I say that in the most honest sense,
like you should be required as a man to be in a fight. Like, because it changes something within
you because you think you're fighting a tough battle because you're walking up to a woman and
children to talk about Bibi Netanyahu. To defend the New York times. Yeah. Like you're just like,
you're a straight homo. Bro. Yeah. A hundred percent straight homo. It's, it's clown world. You know,
it's funny. This one went through the story. I haven't told the story. He would have never done that if
it was you sitting with your daughter. Oh, never, never, never in a million years. Because he would have
realized right then we're fighting right now. That's right. That's right. That's right. You know,
it's interesting. I have for the most hated man in the world, I have truly in life never had up
until this story I'm about to tell a negative interaction with anybody. Everybody comes up to
me and they're a fan or if anyone dislikes me, they don't really say anything. I've never had
negative, negative interaction with anybody until about three weeks ago. It was during the world cup
and there was an England game. We were watching it here in Bucharest in like a public area. And there
was some American girl and I went toilet and on the way out the toilet, she filmed me on Tik TOK and
said, human trafficker on Tik TOK. And I stopped and I turned around and I saw her and she kind of
put her phone away. And I was like, but did you say that? She goes, no. It's like, you just filmed me
and said I'm a human trafficker. She goes, no. I said, okay. So anyway, I went, I walked, went right
up to her. I walked up to her and said, if you think I'm a human trafficker, you're allowed to say it.
You're a girl. I'm not going to hate you. But if you think I'm a human trafficker, you're allowed to
say it. I'm just saying, why would you film it? And then deny saying it. You don't know my story.
I'm happy to tell you if you care. I don't know your story. Why did you film that? Why did you say
that? And she's sitting there with her man and her man goes, oh, I don't think this is necessary. I
said, my friend, you're a man. I will kill you. And I turned back to his girl and he just sat there
and never said another word. He just sat there while I berated his woman. Then I went back downstairs.
I saw them arguing and then they left. Right. So she, I guess she got an argument with her man for not
defending her, but the man understood. I can't, I can't fight. What can I do? What are you doing?
What do you do? Yeah, that's right. Another straight homo and some silly woman. But it was
interesting, interesting dynamic. But when you say you want a man who will defend you completely,
right? Even her as stupid as she is and even her loser man, she expected, it's like your expectation
you have. And then the card got pulled and I guess he changed his mind. Right. Exactly. And he
probably wasn't happy that she did it. Of course. Of course. Well, that's it. Right. Cause he's like,
now why have you put me in a position where I have to die over your stupid TikTok? Completely
right. But these straight homos, it's very interesting. I love the point you just made
about how he feels like he's defending society. Would Israel give a about him? It's, it's really
incredible. It's really incredible how people will get pulled into psyops of things that don't
even matter. Right. There are so many things in the world that matter today. If, if anxiousness
was a disease or if you could feel like panic attacks were real, which I don't believe
they are. Sometimes after a day of work, I feel like this world is a mess. Sometimes
after a day of scrolling Twitter and seeing everything happening, you're a bit like uneasy.
You're like, how do I sleep now? What am I supposed to do? How do I prepare for these
things? And I guess I'm one of the most equipped people on the planet because I'm fortunate enough
to have a bunch of passports and a bunch of money. Most people don't even have that.
And it's, it's really crazy that with all of this going on, all the things people should
have a vested interest in, they can get psyoped and distracted into some complete bulls**t,
you know? Like LGBT rights. Cool. They already have rights. What, why would you go march for,
for what? How much further are we going to push this buck down the road? What's next? Well,
we know what next is. It's children.
Yeah, of course. And they need children because they haven't, they can't reproduce on their own
and they need your kids. They need your kids. So the plan from the beginning has been go after
the straight people's kids. So they have a future, right? Funny how they understand population dynamics
and reproduction, you know, more than the straight women seem to anymore. But there are straight
people who will sit there and go, yeah, I believe they, we should support their rights. Like what,
what f***ing planet are you? They're just scared to say no because they're scared to have to
defend their position. And that, that study you mentioned is, is that explains so much of the
world. It's crazy. All right, guys, I'm interrupting again. Don't kill me, but come on,
we got to talk about skincare. You guys know the brand that I love. They also support this show. I
would never send people astray when it comes to skincare because I care deeply about my skin.
It's why I use Nimi skincare. They are amazing. Their products are impressive. They are so clean.
Nimi has everything that you need to build an awesome daily skincare regimen to cleanse,
brighten, protect, and help fight the key signs of aging. You're going to absolutely love their
charcoal skincare mask. That's excellent. I also love their vitamin C face wash. It all smells
amazing. And they keep their products very clean, which is important to me. They stand up for American
values. It is built in America. The products are assembled here in America. Despite the fact that
Nimi skincare is luxury, the prices are affordable because they have cut out the middleman, which is what
I think everybody needs right now. We don't need to be paying extra on these products. I also love
them because they are Christian led. And you know, that is incredibly important to me as we are
working with advertisers. We want to know what their actual morals are, what they believe in to
make sure that we are sending people to people that will do good in this actual world. So you can
sign up right now at Nimi skincare.com for a subscription to save 15% on your routine.
You'll also save an additional 5% if you use code Candice at checkout, use that promo code Candice
at checkout. If you're not sure where to start, you can take their skincare quiz to find out what
would be the perfect routine for your skin type. Again, that's Nimi skincare.com. That's spelled
N-I-M-I skincare.com and use code Candice at checkout to save an additional 5%.
Yeah. And you're exactly right. It's just, we we've lost traditional masculinity. And so when people
create that dynamic, when they're like, well, this is what it actually is. Every person that they present
being a truer example of masculinity, I just, I encourage them. I push back on that, which is
just like, if this was a time of war, who would you want? Like the natural order of things is like
men need to be masculine. Or if they call the cops, right? When you call the cops, what kind of man do
you want? Do you want a man who turns up, who's big and burly, who's going to take action and tackle
someone to the ground and make affirmative decisions? Or do you want someone who's going to sit
there and philosophize over, oh, maybe he's not even a criminal. Maybe. What is a man?
Like when, when, when, when it's the fan, feminism disappears instantly. It always does. Right.
So all of it is just built inside of the society. A lot of it is men's fault. Also,
you talk about how women are attacked with this feminism garbage from a young age and you're
completely true. It's completely true. And you're right. I was watching a Taylor Swift concert and she
was, uh, she has this famous line in one of her songs. I don't know her songs. I'm not all
Swifty, unfortunately, but she says, uh, something, something, something, something,
something, something, something, I have, I have no eggs left. No, I'm good.
The patriarchy, she says. And all these little girls are sitting there going, the patriarchy.
And I'm like, I blame the fathers because the patriarchy built that stadium and the patriarchy
put that soundstage together. And the patriarchy paid for those little girls tickets to go and
watch that. So men also have a part to play. Men have become so cucked. They're going to allow
their daughters to go there and sing about how much they hate them. They'll wonder why their
daughter will grow up and not listen. My daughter is not being one. She's not listening to that.
Two. I'm not sending her ever. I wouldn't allow her to go, but three, there's no way on God's
green earth. I'm paying for it. Like it's, it's also so crazy what position men have been put in.
And if you say that to a man, these straight homos, they're going to sit there and go, ah,
I'm secure. I'm a real man. You, you don't let your daughter listen to Taylor Swift.
Call yourself a man, bro. It's the, it's, it's crazy. What level of the Western society is sunk
to. And what's scary is that we live in a world where we think the West is the whole world because
we live in the West. It's really interesting. I don't know. Did you ever see that conversation
on the BBC news between a Chinese, it was some Chinese guy who worked for the Chinese government
and they were discussing about the electric vehicles between China and America, England.
No, I never see it.
It's really interesting. And I don't want to misquote it, but I think people can find it and
send it to you. They were asking, they were saying that China produces 90% of the electric vehicles
and the UK is concerned about that. They produce too many electric vehicles. And then the UK wants
to produce some more electric vehicles because they don't want China to have a complete hegemonia
over the future when we use EVs, et cetera. And the Chinese member, and they were talking about
competition between the two countries. So how do you feel about UK trying to compete with you in the
electric vehicle market? And the member of the Chinese government said, we see the UK as a country
that was historically important that we'd like to have good relations with.
But when it comes to population, when it comes to production capacity, when it comes to safety
on the streets, when it comes to educational performance, when it comes to the ability to
project force, the UK cannot compete with China in any regard. They're historically believed it's
still World War II, but effectively they're a small island far away who we'd like to have good
relations with, but we do not see as a competitor or a threat in any regard ever. He just nailed it.
Like who the f*** are the UK?
Pretty much what Putin said, by the way, too. This is behind. The system is old.
Yeah. Who cares? That's right. Completely right. So in the West, we think, ah, the West is the
center of the world. But truthfully, we're not the center of very much at all. There's a lot of
countries in the world that don't see us as important as we see ourselves. And we don't have
a population as large as most of the rest of the world. We don't have the natural resources. We don't
have the capability to produce anything. And we're now entering a dynamic where our men,
because it's going to be our people against other people, right? And especially in the bipolar world,
our men and their pussyfooted approach to life are going to be pitted against men who are prepared to
fight and die for real. And we're going to see how that all works out. I guess the idea of the
Western elites is that they can just continue to use the dollar to subjugate these nations and that
they can use AI and machines. I mean, for right now-
Or just launch a world war out of nowhere.
Yeah.
You can reset everything by bombing and exploding and then stealing people's resources.
Or having better technology. We think, ah, we don't need real men in the army because we've
got better tech, et cetera, et cetera. I mean, we'll see how that all works out. But I think
the next hundred years are going to be very interesting when we see that. I mean, we can
look at it right now. Let's look at it right now in the UK. Three little girls were stabbed.
The girls that were stabbed were the same age as my daughters. I have two daughters at age four.
Three little girls were stabbed to death. A man shouldn't have to feel what a blade is like
entering his body, let alone a little girl. It's disgusting. I have seen zero conversations
about how to protect little girls. All I see are the straight homos marching, talking about how
they're not racist. What the f*** are you even doing? Have you lost complete context of the
situation? Every single conversation should be about how to protect children. And there should be
nothing off limits. We shouldn't be afraid to discuss the fact that if people come from X
country, they commit violent crime at a 300 percent higher rate than if they come from other
countries. Because everyone talks about the UK being racist. It's probably one of the least racist
places on the planet. You want to see racism? Go anywhere else.
Japan. Africa. They're racist in Africa. They're racist in the Arab world. Everyone's racist.
We're the least racist place. And instead of marching to protect little girls,
the man who stopped the knife attacker should be a national hero. He should be everywhere.
I haven't even seen his face. They don't want to show him because they don't want to remind people
the little girls were stabbed. Instead, they want to divert the whole conversation to don't be racist.
And now we have all these straight homo men walking around. We showed the far right. Yeah,
don't be racist. As if they've achieved something. You've forgotten the argument completely.
When the knife wielding attacker is near you, you're going to piss your pants and run.
And now you're walking around saying, don't be racist. Now, I agree with don't be racist. But if
you think, if you are asinine and stupid enough to believe that if you're going to allow thousands
of people into your border unchecked, that some of those people are not bad people, you're an idiot.
And I wouldn't even say that you're too stupid to conceptualize that. I'd say they're too cowardly
to admit it because they're too scared to be racist. So now they're too scared to admit that by
refusing to refute that idea, they're letting bad people in. They're going to say, no,
all 1 million we let in are all good. They're all doctors and they're all physicists.
You don't have to be racist to understand. It's not about skin color. If people come from a war zone,
they've seen trauma and they're not going to be particularly balanced all of the time.
I would argue if a child sees their parents blown to smithereens, they're not going to grow into a
pretty balanced, happy, normal, sane individual. They're coming from the worst places on the planet.
Well, that's part of it too. It's like people don't be racist. Don't be this. I'm definitely
a bigot. Like, I mean, I tell people this all the time. I'm like, that's street smarts, right?
Predicting what I can garner from just looking at you, the vibes you're giving, the vibes you're
giving. What can I understand about what I'm under? I don't like, I don't trust you. I don't like the way
you're moving. I don't like the way you're dressed. Now they're training people to go
having those gut instincts that keep you alive are bigotry, racism, homophobia. It's like,
yeah, you're telling me this is a party with all homosexual men. Yeah. Nope. My son,
my young son's not going. Right. Oh my gosh. How dare you say that? Like this is homophobic.
This is heterophobic. This is all of these words really, in my view, meant to just delude people
away, like from trusting their gut instincts. Your gut is divine. Okay. Your gut is telling you
something's not right. Like the person in the classroom says he's a non-binary person who
believes that like, you know, age limits should be evaporated and he's teaching your kindergarten
teacher and your, your, your son. And you're allowing that to happen because you're fearful
that people at school are going to call you a bigot. Like I'm a, I'm a bigot. Okay. I put it as
I'm a bigot. I am a bigot. So let me figure out what I have to know about you. Cause I'm gonna let
you know whether or not, whether or not you're allowed access to my children. And so I tell people,
do not allow them to call you a bunch of names that essentially rinses you from that divine gut
instinct that you have. That's the Holy Spirit saying, you don't trust this person for whatever
reason. And then you have the government telling you that whatever reason that you have, you know,
is not right because it's some ism, sexism, misogyny, homophobia, whatever.
It's pattern recognition and they don't want you to have basic pattern recognition skills anymore.
And that's, what's so crazy, especially with all the things you just said, absolutely nailed it.
And especially with this racism marketing. Like, would you hire a male nanny?
Bro, you must get this, you must get this more than me, right? Because I'm mixed half black,
half white. You were black, right? So they must say, why are you racist? Why have you turned on
your own race, et cetera? It's not even really truly about race. Like I, in jail, I saw people lose
their minds, right? I saw people in jail lose their minds and I saw that they weren't the same anymore.
I didn't want to be around those people. I would avoid them as much as possible. I hate the idea of
them now being loose in society. That's just jail. In a European nation, okay, it's the worst jails
in Europe, Eastern Europe. It's bad. But, you know, we're now talking about war-torn countries
which we've blown up. We have bombed. And people are seeing their families destroyed. People are
seeing children headless on the street. You're telling me these people are now sane and they
can just come here and get a job and pay their taxes? Is that what we're going to pretend we believe?
Otherwise, we're deemed to be racist. It's not about the color of their skin. It's about all
the things they've been through. And I don't want them in the society. But now, like I said,
three little girls are stabbed to death and people are marching around pretending that we need more
of these people. In fact, they're so desperate to virtue signals, not just, okay, they're fine.
It's actually, we want more. Look, I'll prove to you how un-racist I am. Let in more people from
the third world. Which I'm fine with. They just need to go live with the people that blew up the
third world. Go stay at Hillary Clinton's house. Go stay at Tony Blair's house. Go stay with the
families that made money blowing up Libya and getting rid of Gaddafi. I'm totally cool with
that. The people who wanted that war and supported it, you open your homes to the people who are
dealing with that trauma of what you did that flood them out of their nations and stuff. We've
created the issues. And then you're telling people that never wanted the wars in the first
place that they're the ones that have to invite these people that are dealing and hating the
Western world into our homes. It's a nonsense. Well, exactly. And that's globalism.
Go to Israel. Well, exactly. Well, that's, that's. They love war. Go to Israel. Yeah,
that's right. Well, that's globalism in a nutshell, right? Because globalism is effectively people who
are detached from the common man's issues, making problems, profiting from it. And then all of the
mess gets dumped on the common man. That's what basically happens every single time with every
single thing they do. And it's really interesting because the argument is typically, oh, they want a
better life and, you know, they need a better life. I understand they want a better life. I'm
not blaming them, but letting them in your country because they want a better life is like letting
someone in your house because they want a better TV. It's not theirs, right? You can't just let
everyone in, especially what's most crazy is what you let some in and not others, or you let everyone
in. Is everyone going to just abandon the planet and just move to the West and it's just going to
function somehow? Is that how we see these things? But I guess the two things we're talking here is very
interesting because the most primitive, I would guess, and that's perhaps the wrong word, the most
essential female biological impulse is reproduction. The most basic thing a woman should want to do is
have children. And the most primitive male biological function is protection. Like you just said about
your son, he wants his sword. We have women who don't want to have kids and we have men who don't
want to protect society. The fact that men are not marching in England right now saying we must protect
all our schools and protect little girls as opposed to just advocating to allow in a bunch of
military age males who can beat the shit out of them is really incredible. It's truly incredible.
It's amazing. They've managed to psyop men to give up all of their protective instincts.
And then they've psyoped women into not want to have children anymore. And they've replaced these
with some warped version of something else. I mean, I guess it's the first time I'm saying this,
I guess I'm just analyzing on the fly, but people, I guess these men marching in these anti-racism
riots, I guess it's satisfying their protection and protective instinct because they feel like they're
protecting the immigrants, maybe. I don't know. And they're afraid to protect their own people
because they don't want to be deemed racist and they can't defend their opinion. But it's really
interesting when you say straight homos because you nailed it. They're like, you meet men and they're
like, oh yeah. And they're supposed to have a wife. They're all just, they're all just gay.
Yeah.
They're all gay.
Yeah. At the end of the day, you can't do anything and I could beat you up. That's why I'm like,
you know, hey, I'm sorry to tell you this, that your father's a straight homo. You know what I mean?
I'm like, I know that he is straight sexually, but also he's a homo. And in that 90 sense of like,
there's nothing he can do here. And he knows that. And, and so I do also want to, in closing,
commend you on something, which was so crazy. So I, there was this person who was doing like a
bunch of digital content. I thought his content was amazing. Got into touch. I mean, figured out
this is like a young school kid, like basically essentially like 20 years old, just turned 20
years old. And I'm like, dude, you're a hustle. You're a hustler. Like where did you learn how to do
all of this stuff? Like I'm going to hire you. I'm like, what school did you go to? Harvard,
Columbia, Hustler University. I said, excuse me, what's Hustler? I went to Andrew Tate's school
and I learned how to do all of these. I mean, this kid is going to make a killing. I mean,
I'm telling you, he's going to make an absolute killing. It's like around the clock, work, work,
work, work, work, comes from the wrong side of the tracks. I figure out hired him. One of the
greatest hires that I've had, like unbelievably. And so that really, to me also signals a lot because I
talk about what is so wrong with the education system. And then you learn that these kids,
this is why they hate you, these kids who just want a freaking opportunity, who will work around
the clock, who just want to be able to feed their family someday, who come from the wrong side of
the tracks, are jumping. I genuinely don't even know what Hustler University is, but I know that
that kid is 10 times more effective than people that are coming out with college degrees right now
as looking for somebody. He is a hustler, like literally is a hustler. And so I want to commend you
on whatever it is that you built that created this young kid who's going to absolutely crush it.
And that is to really signal to people that there is something so corrupt and wrong that the majority
of these kids who graduate with their $100,000 degrees are going to make 35K and live a light
in debt and to eventually become a slave while they laugh at people who follow Andrew Tate and go to
Hustler University because they're going to take over these kids. And that means a lot to me. And
actually, I've been told by various people in large positions of power, and that's also one
of the reasons why I was so heavily attacked, because I'm going to war against the educational
system. Because the educational system, as you just highlighted, is $100,000 for a degree. It takes
four years. It takes up all of your time. You're in massive debt. And the fact that the loans are
linked only to the education shows us a scam in and of itself. You can't get that loan for anything
else. You can only get it for the education because they don't want that loan to be out in the fair
market. Oh, yeah. If you say you can get a loan and you can get a degree or X, Y, Z, nobody will
get a degree because they know it's a scam. And it suffers from double inflation. It gets more
expensive every year to go to college, plus more degrees exist every year. It basically has no value
whatsoever. And we started Hustlers University as a way to teach children, not even kids. It was to
teach people how to make money online. Primarily, we have 18 modern wealth creation methods. It's $49 a
month. And we decided to make it. We said, look, we're going to put it out there in the marketplace of
ideas. You don't need to get a loan to come here. You can spend your $49 on pizza or you can spend it
on this. We're competing with the entire world. And we're very large. I actually want to model it
now because people have been saying to me, like, you should do like a seminar and stuff. And I'm
like, actually, you're so right. Like, I wish I had not been a fool and taken out $100,000. I paid it
back. But I learned nothing. I learned nothing. Everything that I actually became in life was because of
the street smarts I already had. That's right. And I would have rather have spent the $49 on the
Hushley University program so I could learn what skill set. Here's what they're using. He literally
said he learned editing skills that somebody else would have paid $150,000 to learn.
Yeah. We're doing very well. And so it's $49. Tell me again how it works.
So it's $49 a month. You get access to 18 modern wealth creation methods. We teach all the different
things about how to make money. We also have some concentration tests in there because a lot of the
people who join are quite young and they have TikTok brains. So we force them to learn how to
sit down and pay attention again. And we teach 18 different ways to make money. We have different
professors in there. We have live calls every day. It's now the largest online educational
platform in the world. We own university.com, which they really hate. That was an $8 million
domain. So we bought university.com.
No way.
Yeah, that's ours. And I've actually been told that me going to war against the educational
system is one of the reasons that I got in so much trouble because now you have children
who are choosing $49 a month and then starting to make contracts and make money online within a few
weeks as opposed to going to get these $100,000 degrees and getting in debt. So we're doing very,
very well. And I think so.
I think I hired someone. And he even said, I graduated at the top of my Hustler University
class. I mean, he was like, yeah, I was one of the best in sales. And I was just like,
this is, I think it's incredible. I love it. As someone who came with a family that could not
afford a single dollar towards the education system, someone who I was then forced to drop
out in my senior year, who then became a slave to loans. I am just, I really want to commend you on
that because that kid is now cutting so many corners in life because of something that,
you know, the monstrous Andrew Tate taught him how to do. But we teach agency. And also,
one of the reasons why we decided to do that is I also think that it's a lot easier to resist
oppression if you have the ability to make your own money. A lot of these people, once they start
working corporate, they're screwed. You know, if you work for a corporation, you're going to have to
get the jab and you're going to have to wear the mask. You're going to have to go to HR meetings and
you're going to have to call that he or she. So by teaching people to make their own money and
have their own, or at least have their own faith in themselves that they can make their own money,
it allows them to be freer in their minds. Hustles University has been under massive attack
by the matrix as well. We have a whole bunch of tech problems. They keep trying to attack us and
hack us and all these kinds of things. And the MSM actually did an article attacking me saying that
I am promoting homophobia inside of my university because what happens is, I mean, we have 250,000
students now. It's quite large. So I'm not in charge of all of the chats. Of course,
I'm CEO, so I don't even know what's happening in the chats all the time, but we have open chat
rooms where the students can talk with each other, which are moderated by AI. And we have a few
moderators, but we can't moderate everything. And one guy said, how do I cancel my subscription?
And everyone started replying rainbows. I found it super funny. And because I laughed about it,
they did this whole BBC hit piece on how my school promotes homophobia. Like there's nothing I can do
right in the world. Unfortunately, I have tapeplench.com. I dedicate $25 million a year to feeding
people. That's somehow wrong. I have an online educational platform that costs less than pizza
that teaches children how to focus and pay attention to make money online. Somehow that's
wrong. I teach men how to be strong and to resist oppression and to go to the gym and not be afraid
to stand up for themselves. Somehow that's wrong. Like you can't win against these people anymore.
Well, because you're teaching them the code of how not to be enslaved by the matrix. And so that's
problematic. It's why I'm deemed problematic. It's why Ye, who survived Hollywood, in my view,
survived MKUltra attempt, is considered problematic because you're teaching people to believe in
themselves. And I think that's the number one thing that I have learned throughout all of this
is that what they really hate is the mother effing audacity. Like the audacity, Candace, when for you
to go out on your own and like you were a part of this and you think that you can just keep saying
that Brigitte McCrone is a man. Yeah, Brigitte McCrone has a penis. I've said that and I'm going to keep
saying that because I've looked into it and it's true. Been around. And yeah, I've been around. I know a man
when I see one and this does not pass the sniff test and to say, you know, that these acts happened.
And so I think that is the problem with people like you, people like me, people like Ye, is that
we're giving people the permission to be themselves. It's so interesting you say that because the first
time I was ever super heavily attacked by the matrix is when I said depression wasn't real.
And the backlash was incredible. Because drugs, they drug these kids out of their minds.
That's right. They were so desperate to try and convince me or demonize me for saying depression
wasn't real. And I was like, look, feeling depressed is real, but I believe you have control of your own
mind and it's down to you to fix it. You don't need drugs and you haven't caught a disease. You just need to
change your scenario, change your settings. Now, PTSD is real. I can tell you, I had to have to
jail. I know that mental health issues are real, of course. What I'm trying to say is that depression
as an idea in the West is so massively overprescribed and no longer has any value.
It's just sadness.
It's just sadness.
You're just sad. That's normal human emotion. Like, you know, go outside, go for a run,
hang out with your friends.
That's right.
That's going to keep coming, like waves of sadness. We're all sad. We get sad sometimes.
Completely. I see it all the time. I see men to me, oh, I'm depressed. I look at them and say,
I'd be depressed too. If I was you, you're a loser. Like, of course you're depressed. Your
life's because you're a loser because you've achieved nothing. So it's not a disease. You've
got work to do. That's the bottom line of it. We've over prescribed it to the point where it has no
point at all. I'm sure 1% of depressed people might have something wrong with them. Of course,
fine. But if you're going to say everybody has depression, I don't even know what the statistics
are, but I read something very scary about the amount of people in America that are on some kind
of psycho act, psychotropic, start them young. They'll be like, oh, you have 20% or 30% of people
are something. It has to be more. It has to be more. Genuinely, like everybody is on these drugs
and they know long-term that these drugs eventually make you crazy because you're playing with the
chemistry of your brain. You should never do that. See, I apply this to my current circumstance.
I apply this to my current problem because the way you always attack men to try and damage your
influence is sexual crimes, right? So I'm applying this to my own case. Three different countries,
they've called over 2,000 women who I've ever known in my life. And they managed to find these two
idiots. And you've done a breakdown of the case, which I super appreciate. And they haven't found
anyone else, thankfully. But if 30% of the people they're calling are on mind-altering drugs,
that's scary to me. I'm thinking, wait, as a full-grown man, if you ever get famous and you
ever talk against the matrix and you ever have any kind of money and influence, because your
ability to speak freely is directly correlated with your insignificance. You can only be,
you can only talk freely when nobody listens. If people listen to you and you talk freely,
you soon realize that there really isn't that much freedom of speech because they will come for you
and they will try and wreck you with everything they can. It reminds me of a point on freedom,
which I want to talk about quickly. But now we're saying that this percentage of the population
are on drugs. I always found this interesting when they say, ah, we've been through this past,
we found these people. What percentage of the population are artistic? What percentage of the
population are mentally ill? And then what percentage of the population are on mind-altering drugs or
depressed of some kind or anxious or whatever they're on? And then we're going to say and find someone
from 11 years ago and say their word, their eyewitness testimony without any other proof
is golden. It's, it's just so crazy. 20 years ago. Yeah. It's scary to me. It's actually very
scary. The point I wanted to make on freedom is very interesting because you've experienced how
the matrix tries very hard to shut you up and they try to intimidate you. They try and ruin your
life and intimidate you. That's effectively what they try and do. And it takes a particularly
stubborn type of person. I am. I'm a Taurus. I'm just like. I'm ready. I'm built different.
I am. I'm built different. I love being a thorn in their side much more than whatever they can do
to me. It's like, I'm in jail. I'm like, yeah, but I'll piss them off. Yes. And they hate how happy
we are too. Oh, completely. And they're like, this shouldn't be the results. We've done the studies.
Yeah. But once we do these psychological attacks and we psychologically terrorize them and their
family, they should be fatigued and broken. That's right. And then we just emerge and we're like,
yay. You'll stand it. They can't stand it. But another one of my theories about the LGBT
whole thing and the reason that they're marching in the streets, of course, they're trying to get
everybody's children. But I also believe that it's part of propping up the false guise of freedom,
right? Because what the West has built itself on, it's a very thin culture and it's built itself on
the idea that everybody can get rich. Nothing unifies us. If you look at here in Romania, even in this
country, everyone has the same language, you have the same religion. They all watched the same TV
shows growing up, right? They have the same folk stories. They do the same thing at Christmas.
Everyone has a similarity amongst them. So even if they disagree politically, there's a lot that
unifies to people, which is why it's a safe society. I remember when we went to school when we were
young, you'd go and you'd talk about the TV show from the night before that everybody watched,
everybody. And now we don't have that anymore, right? So the only thing that unifies people in
the West, because there's nothing that unifies us. We don't agree on the flag. We don't agree on
religion. We don't, not the same skin color. We don't speak the same language. There's nothing that
unifies us except this idea that we can become rich. Go to the West,
get rich, be nice to people. But now everyone's realizing you're not going to get rich. And this
is where the problems are coming because they're realizing the American dream is a sham and it's
a lie. So we have this very thin culture. And we say to these other countries, ah, well,
they have thicker cultures. Their cultures aren't thin and a thick culture is good for the cohesion
of society, but they're not free and we're free. And then I sit and think, well, if you speak
against authority in the West, they teach you a lesson. So you're not actually free. So how do they
prop up this false idea of freedom? What they do is they put the freaks to the front.
So what they do is they push the freaks to the front. They say, look, this person chopped their
off. We're free. In other countries, you can't chop your off. It's like, okay, that's fine.
But I am not free to do anything important, like speak against power, like speak against
APAC. You're free to hurt yourself.
You're free to, yeah, you're free to do dumb. You're not free to actually talk about anything
important ever. And I feel like one of the reasons why they're promoting all this degeneracy is to try
and keep this idea of freedom alive. Because if they took that away, you'd wake up and realize,
okay, this is actually no different than most of the world. And I'm not going to attack only
the West for this. You can't talk against Putin and Russia, and you can't talk against Islam and
Saudi, and you can't talk against the King of Laos. I'm sure you're going to pay a price.
That's how the world actually is. We're the only ones who are lying about it,
sitting and saying, no, you can't talk. We're free. We're free. We're free. The truth is you can't
talk against authority at all. And to try and distract everyone and keep this bull dream of freedom
alive, they're going to push freaks to the front, which is why I think that the freaks are getting
more and more outlandish. Because people are starting to realize that the freedom isn't real,
and they're starting to feel the cage in clothes. So as people are starting to sit there and realize,
wait, maybe I don't live in a free country. Maybe my government is owned. Maybe they are all
homosexual pedophiles. Maybe I am paying too much taxes just to blow up children. Maybe nobody has
my interests at heart. Maybe my elections aren't real. Maybe my children are being brainwashed.
Maybe my streets are unsafe because they refuse to police them properly. Maybe all these drugs could
be stopped. Maybe. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. He's chopped his off. There's a man in a dress.
It's free. Freedom. And I really think- You could never have a man wear a dress
in Putin's Russia. That's right. I think I want to go there.
That sounds like, yeah, I don't want men wearing dresses. And that's the most crazy thing about
it, is that trying to show this freedom, they're actually showing to anybody with a brain things
we don't even want to see. Right? You can take that away. That's fine. Let's take that away.
Another thing about talking against government, because I was talking to somebody about this,
and they said, okay, well then why are you saying America's so bad when you can't talk
against government anywhere else? And I said, well, the reason for that is because
if you're in Russia, you know who your boss is. Right? I don't personally disagree with Putin,
so I wouldn't want to talk against Putin. But if you live in Russia and you do want to talk against
power, you know who you're talking against. Our biggest problem here in the West is that we don't
even truly, really f***ing know who we're talking against. I know that the LGBT homo mafia are in
charge somewhere, which I know that's clear because they can f*** in the Senate building and
nothing happens. So that's obvious. But it's like, who? And we're spending all our time going
down rabbit holes of Israel or Big Pharma or military industrial complex or Globo Homo or
you're like, who is even in charge of this mess? Davos, WEF. That's the thing that's most scary to me.
It's not the fact that we can't speak against power because you can't in a lot of places. It's that
we're not even allowed to know who the powerful are because then they're accountable. It's all
just theories. If they were to say it's this person, this person, this person, those people
would be in a lot of trouble very quickly. So they've removed their attachment to anything.
So there's not been any accountability anymore in the West. That's what's truly scary. I'm just
asking, I would like to know who's in charge here. I'd like to just wake up and say, you know,
you walk into a restaurant and everything's manager. Why is there cockroaches? What's going
on? I'd like to just go, who's the manager of the West now? Who's actually in charge of any of this
mess anymore? At least in other countries, you get the good fortune of knowing who your boss is.
Right.
Right.
Yeah. I keep trying to figure out why I'm supposed to hate Putin. I'm like, okay, so
he doesn't let people desecrate churches. You can't just take your boobs out as a woman and
like say you're protesting and stand on top of like a statue of Jesus Christ. I think I'm okay
with that. I'm like, I know I'm supposed to be hating this. You're telling me this is
authoritarian. This is authoritarian, but what you guys are doing, locking up people for
peacefully protesting on January 6th, hunting grandmothers is not authoritarian because we're
what women are allowed to be whores. Like I'm like everything about this, like I, if that's
going to be the boss, that makes more sense to me than the people, the deep state, the homosexual
agenda, the pedophilia that's being promoted. The pedophiles are allowed to write articles and
protect other pedophiles. Sounds a lot better to me to have him as
my boss than the, like you said, the invisible bosses, or maybe one boss who knows that we're
fighting and we see that they're perverse. And I totally agree with you.
Yeah. He's a competent nationalist, which is what anybody with a brain should want for
their country. You should want a competent nationalist who puts your interest above the
interest of anybody else.
Biden showering with his four-year-old daughter and the whole mainstream media colluding to hide
the diary. We have Hunter Biden smoking crack and sleeping with people that look way too
young, you know, talking about incest on text messages and the entire mainstream media colluding
to cover these stories. Yeah. No, I think I want to try the other boss if I can't just for a second.
I just want to try to work there for a week and see what happens.
Absolutely. So we, and you're completely right. We say, oh, Russia is not a free country because,
you know, you can't do LGBT insanity. And that's the only thing they can really come at them for.
They can't come at them for, they've arrested one-tenth of the people the UK have arrested for
Facebook posts. So I think Tucker highlighted this in the UK. I think it was in 2022, they
arrested 4,500 people for their social media comments and Russia was 400. So the UK is 10
times worse for policing speech than Russia. Free country, right? But all Russia is not free
because we don't allow them to, they're not allowed to poison the children. So they're not free.
So it's actually the thing that's most scary about this freak show is the reason they're pushing it
so hard to the front is because they're trying to keep this imaginary balloon of freedom and the
American dream and all this garbage ahead because we have a very thin culture. Nothing's unifying us
in the West besides the idea that somehow we're free and that somehow we'll one day get rich.
That's it. And that's what's so scary. You know what I found interesting about American culture?
You know, the eclipse that was recent, there was an eclipse where they, the solar eclipse was like a
few months ago. Can't remember. It was going through a few States and I was reading on Twitter.
They were talking about how the eclipse is coming and you need to be careful because it's going to be
dark for two minutes and beware of crime and all this. And I sat there thinking,
American culture is so thin that if it gets dark in the middle of the day for two minutes,
there's going to be crime. People are going to rob cars. Is that how close we are to apocalypse?
Is it that bad? Like even we talk about Ukraine, Russia war, even though I agree with Putin,
I think he's completely justified. The Ukrainians and the Ukrainian government who I have distaste for,
but the Ukrainian people, they're still in lines buying food. It's war. They're in a line with money.
Buying food during war. America, it'd be looting. It would be fires. It would be free for all within
two minutes. We are on the absolute precipice of societal breakdown all of the time. And the only
thing that's keeping it together is everyone sitting around going, don't worry, you'll be rich
one day. You'll be rich one day. While a political class just rape the tax base for as long as they can
before they disappear into the sunset. How long until this all goes wrong? I mean, it's very,
it's an interesting thing to observe from afar. It's super interesting.
Yeah. I think about it every day. I tell people I have an apocalyptic mindset. I've learned to grow
vegetables. My husband hunts, he fishes. We're going to be good in the middle of the forest and
we're going to survive. And you better think deeply about who you would want. I say this all the time
in your tribe. And you're going to realize that it all comes down to basic survival skills. Can you hunt?
Can you shoot? Can you fight? Can you grow food? Can you take after the children? And the majority of
Westerners are ill-equipped for those things. They're like, well, I can receive the New York
Times and read it and comprehend what they're telling me to believe. And that's going to be
problematic. And so in conclusion, I would like you to speak to the straight homos because the
straight homos, they need some guidance. You know, they need some guidance. They do. They think they
hate you, but deep down they know that there's something that you're saying that really what they
hate is what it was inside of themselves. There's like a cowardice within them that they hate. And so
they have to attack you. And so we're going to get free advice. You don't even have to sign up for
Hushley University. You don't even have to buy a stand-up cup. You're going to get free advice,
all you straight homos out there, from Andrew Tate. And you can just implement this into your life.
Andrew Tate, take it away.
Sure. All right. Let me try and think of something which is going to be inspirational. So
I'm going to whoop your ass.
I should say. The reason they're a coward in the first place is because they're afraid of
confrontation. But I want everyone at home to understand, especially if you're a man,
that confrontation is certain and it's always going to be around. If you're a king,
there's never been a point in human history where you're a king with an empire, where people are
not trying to take your empire from you. And if you're not a king with an empire, then you're
a pawn in somebody else's empire and you're going to have your head chopped off for some reason.
Anyway, confrontation is certain. If you try to avoid confrontation, you're going to end up
in confrontation with yourself. The reason these straight homos are so desperately sad,
the reason they have ADHD and anxiety and depression, the reason they're sitting at home,
even if they don't admit to these ailments, wondering why they're so unhappy all the time is
because you're fighting an internal battle. Your monologue is different in your mind from what
your spirit truly wants. You want to be respected. You want to be strong. You want to stand up for
what you know is right. You want to be a man and you're just too afraid to engage the enemy. So
you're going to self destruct. You're going to turn on yourself. There's a fire inside of you.
There's a fire inside of absolutely every man and you need to direct it at your enemy and do your
very best to destroy him, or it's going to burn inside of you and eat you alive. You have to make a
choice. The cowardice that you feel that prevents you from engaging the enemy
is your biggest, is the biggest betrayal because now you're just engaging yourself.
The battle's certain either way. So I strongly recommend you find who the enemy is and direct
your efforts towards their destruction as opposed to sitting there, allowing yourself to self-immolate.
I think it's actually very sage advice. There is a fire in all of the men and it has to be
directed in the right way. Well, Andrew, it has been a pleasure having you. This conversation is going
to be so banned, so demonetized. Sorry. I don't care. I literally don't care. I just don't care
about different because people need to hear it. And I also am very optimistic because I think that
people are starting to recognize that we keep telling the truth about what's happening in the
world and it's taking them a while to catch up. But there's enough distrust now in the mainstream
media that people are starting to listen to independent voices and go directly to the source
rather than allowing the mainstream media to tell them about those people and pretend that they're
hateful because we believe in natural order, you know? All right, guys, that is a wrap. I hope you
enjoyed this episode of Candice. We will see you next time.
