Andrew Tate. We've been here three years in the making and we're finally here.
Why enemies truly believe in their heart I am the bad guy.
It's to sing with Trump.
Trump can come along, secure their border, reduce the drugs, make them richer, fix their country, and they'll still hate it.
Every time I've made millions and millions of dollars, the next day I prepare for something bad to happen.
I'm competing against the world which is trying to convince young men that if they chop their dicks off they become a girl.
I've got to be honest, I was expecting to walk into the house and there'd be stripper poles and, you know, 13 Latinas in the lounge.
And when I walked in, you were sat there, shirt off, laptop on, with Tristan, working away, working away, working away.
My life is just work. But that's boring, right?
I don't think my mom has any problem with anything I say.
She may have said a few times, Andrew, you're really making her mad.
And I'll say good.
Every man knows it. Every man sees it. No man will say it.
What are they scared of? Is this something you're facing every single day?
Yeah. There's a cost for everything.
Why do you want so much life, Admin, of all these women and all these wives and all these children?
But look at Elon. He's done far more amazing things. He has 11 children for four women.
He's the best Diablo player on the planet. He owns Twitter. He's going to space. He owns Tesla.
He's now working for the government.
It's amazing how much you can get done if you're genuinely dedicated to purely working.
But Elon stopped at four and Andrew hasn't.
No, I haven't.
Men build the cities. Men build the roads. Men build. Women give us the children.
Well, birth rates are collapsing. And we've built more than we've ever built.
Me and you both know that feminism wasn't created by women. It was taught to women.
How many wives did your dad have, though?
Say again?
How many wives did your dad have?
The man will sit there and go, I love my chick. I'm loyal.
If you go into a store that sells bananas, and that's all it sells, and you buy a banana,
you can't say you like bananas. There's no options.
Are you two in the cell together eventually?
Yeah. At the first, we weren't, but then...
There's a few stories about female prison guards that I've heard that may or should be told on this podcast.
I mean, I can say some really controversial things. In fact, I'll say them. Let's go.
Three years in the making, and we're finally here.
Yeah, I think we were talking back in Dubai before my adventure through the Romanian legal system.
We were talking about perhaps doing something back then, but I got caught up with a small issue.
You've been on your own path, something which we couldn't see coming.
Well, I would say I've been on Dicot's path. I've been on the judicial system's path.
But, you know, it's been enjoyable. It's been interesting.
I wanted to start with a question that I think will allow you to clarify and articulate exactly what's going on in your life and world right now.
Because you've been called the saviour of young men and a danger to society.
Do you see the truth in both perspectives?
Absolutely. There's always truth in both perspectives.
How can you be the saviour of young men without also being a danger to society, especially a society which is demonising young men?
If the society is deliberately trying to demonise masculinity and damage young men and destroy the masculine spirit of resistance,
then you are their saviour and a threat to society at the same time.
I understand why my enemies call me a threat.
I understand why they don't like what I say.
I understand why they want me to disappear.
But that doesn't mean I'm not helping the people who I'm trying to help.
So, in fact, I would say that it'd be impossible for the first statement,
that I'm the saviour of young men, to be true without being deemed a threat.
So, there's no light without dark, equal and opposite forces.
It's extremely important, which is actually why I believe I'm so monumentally well-known.
My haters don't realise that without the opposite pushback, without the opposing force to the things I say,
I wouldn't be nearly as viral anyway.
The fact that every single thing I post, half the people agree, half the people hate me,
the comment sections go wild, the algorithm picks it up.
Like, they do me a favour of these people trying to get rid of me.
Like, and they're threatened by me, and they're threatened by my ideas,
and I understand why, because my ideas are based in the reality of brutal competence.
I believe that like is a meritocracy, and those who deserve to win are going to win,
and those who try hard are going to win,
and that the universe gives everybody what they deserve.
And if you have everything you've ever wanted, you deserve it.
And if you don't have what you want, you don't deserve it.
So the liberals and the people who hate me, who sit around on Adderall,
not on Adderall, on anxiety meds and Xanax, who are sad,
and they're depressed, and they're overweight,
they look at the world in a completely different way.
To adopt my mindset would be destructive to that,
because then they have to admit that they are the reason they failed.
Instead, they'd rather pretend someone else is the reason they failed,
or something else.
Systematic racism, or capitalism.
So they don't like to adopt my worldview,
so for that reason they see me as a threat,
because if my worldview is adopted,
then people like them will be seen as what they are,
which is losers.
And losers don't want to be recognized as losers globally.
So I completely understand it.
Both of those statements are absolutely true.
Who do you see as your enemy right now?
Well, I think we all have enemies.
You can look at it from the perspective of
people who make rap songs after living in the ghetto,
saying that if you don't have haters, you don't matter,
or you can look at the highest level politicians on the planet.
If you don't have people try to take you down,
you don't matter as a person.
If you don't have a criminal case in a country like Romania
after being globally famous, you're a nobody.
I mean, this is Romania.
I'm one of the most famous people in the world.
Of course I caught the case.
It's just one of those countries.
It's how the world works in most places.
You'd catch a case in America.
Trump did.
Matt Gaetz did.
All these people who are high level in the Trump admin
are catching cases for saying a fraction of the things I've said.
And we're in a country now which can be bought.
So of course I caught a case.
So it's just the way it is.
I don't think you're ever going to be able to go through like
and do anything significant without having a huge portion,
a huge considerable contingent of the population
desperate to try and induce your downfall.
And I'm happy for that.
I know it's kind of cliche to say that my haters are a symbol of success.
But when I see people making accounts dedicated to trying to damage my influence
and damage my happiness or my contentment,
I am flattered.
I'm genuinely flattered by that.
That's how I know I'm doing well.
So you need the equal and opposite forces.
There wouldn't be fan accounts if there wasn't hater accounts.
I really am truthfully a light and dark guy.
I always have been.
I've never looked at the light in my life
and expected it to exist outside of the dark.
Every time I've made millions and millions of dollars,
the next day I prepare for something bad to happen.
That's just how my mind works.
I'd make all that money and I'd sit there and I'd be stressed.
And the chick would say,
why are you stressed?
You just got paid 30, 40 million dollars.
Why are you stressed?
And I say, no, because this is when the bad thing comes.
Now I'm worried.
Now I'm preparing for the bad thing.
There's no such thing as a free 30 million dollars.
There's no such thing as free being the most paidest man in the world.
These things have a cost.
These things have a price.
And it has to be paid.
I've got to be honest.
I was expecting to walk into the house and there'd be stripper poles
and, you know, 13 Latinas in the lounge.
And when I walked in, you were sat there, shirt off, laptop on with Tristan,
working away, working away, working away.
It's like, I think the perception that people have potentially on the outside
and what's actually going on in your day-to-day life isn't in polarity.
Oh, absolutely.
Because my life is just work.
But that's boring, right?
But that's the truth about it.
I'm on my laptop all day, every day.
I have 18 hours a day of screen time.
I'm either training or I'm working.
Do I know some women?
Yes, of course.
Do I have some fancy cars to drive?
Yes.
Can I go to the odd restaurant?
Yes.
But the majority of the time, all I do is work because that's what I enjoy to do.
I don't think most things outside of work are as entertaining as the work itself.
That's why I'm successful.
Um, yeah, I do have women who I know and yeah, I can have that crazy lifestyle and I did it
for a while, but I wouldn't even say it's empty.
You know, people get successful and they start to say, oh, I'm above that.
It's empty.
It's empty.
It's vapious.
That's true.
I just don't think it's as fun as working.
I think just winning is fun.
I think the whole point of life as a man is competition in the first place.
You need to work to win.
You can show off the women and cars and money and traveling and private jets and lifestyle
are an easy way to peacock and show off your success.
They are the, they are the, there's a word I'm looking for.
I never lose my words.
What's the word I'm looking for?
Can't find it.
Very, very unusual, but they are a result of success.
So what you do is when you make a whole bunch of money, you can't just show your bank balance
all the time, right?
So instead you show a lifestyle.
That's what you do.
You show a lifestyle to say, look, look how successful I've been.
Here's how fantastically I've done in my business.
So here's the lifestyle to reflect it.
But once you get to a certain point where you're known internationally for that lifestyle
and you're known globally for making the money, you don't need to show off anymore.
You know?
So it's like, okay, well, I'll just rather just make the money.
It is kind of fun.
I'm not going to lie.
And it's not, I'm not saying I'll never do it.
I'm not saying I'm above it.
I'm not trying to pretend I'm a saint, but most of the time I'm just working.
Quick one for you guys.
If you're loving this conversation and you're getting immense value, consider hitting that subscribe
button and turn the notification bells on as it lets us know that we're creating the right
content for you at the right time.
Yeah.
I think you have to show the lifestyle to some degree in order to attain not only the influence
that you have on the world, but in terms of like, you know, your businesses are attached
to the lifestyle.
People are aspiring to that lifestyle to get involved in working with you to come to university
and all that kind of stuff as well.
Yeah.
That's part of it.
But yeah, and also we live in an attention economy, which is another part of it, but
I think that I break it down in a different way.
I think a lot of people see me doing the things I'm doing and they don't understand exactly
why I'd go down to such base instincts.
In fact, I've been insulted with that.
They're like, Andrew Tate's made all this money.
All he wants to do is sleep with women and drive cars and go on jacks and show off and
spend money.
But when you're trying to, in a feminized world, when you're trying to appeal to young
men, the easiest way to do that is our base instincts.
I mean, we can sit and talk all day about how civilized we are and we are, we're a civilized
society, we're a civilized people, but there's also animalistic base instincts we all have.
One of the base instincts that men have is the procurement of females.
They like the idea of having sexual access because typically it's the females that have
the sexual choices, not the men.
Most men take what they can get.
To be a man with sexual choices is unique in the world, always has been.
And kings had multiple women and the average dude was lucky that he got one.
That's just how it worked.
A lot of men got none and they died without children.
So there's sexual access and then geographical freedom is another one.
Just being in a different location every day, a different country every day for a month is
a completely different lifestyle that most people live.
So it's just showing that you're not constrained by the matrix and you're trying to appeal to people's
base instincts, which is freedom, sexual access, the capability of making money and having also
brotherhood is an extremely important one.
The reason I'm always with my brother and I'm always with my friends, a lot of guys are kind.
I wouldn't say jealous or envious of, but they look at that and say, that's the life I want to live.
I want to be with 10 guys who would die beside me if we got in a battle.
We're ready to die right then, right there, and we're having the best kind of our lives.
I think all men want to live that way.
So yeah, it is my life.
They are the things I like to do, but primarily it is part of the appeal for the young men who are
growing up in the world today, because what is the alternative they're being told?
You have to be a polar opposite to the thing you're trying to destroy.
And I may be an exaggerated polar opposite.
There are some people who agree with me who say, yes, you know what?
You say the right things, but you say them too strong or you do it too much.
I'm an exaggerated polar opposite, but I'm competing against the world, which is trying
to convince young men that if they chop their dicks off, they become a girl.
And that man can have babies.
So who's the exaggerated one?
They all.
They're the exaggerated psychopaths.
So I've had to create an exaggerated character to counterbalance it.
Perhaps when we lived in a world of sanity, my exaggerated version of masculinity and sexual
access and money and all these things wouldn't be required, but it is.
So you have to fight fire with fire.
I wouldn't even say that my exaggeration is purposeful, but it's kind of interesting.
We can actually analyze this from a completely different point.
It's interesting how, you know, when you're a child and they say, don't do that, it makes
you want to do it.
It's interesting how even as grownups, we're exactly the same, right?
We're living in a world now where if I go on a yacht with a whole bunch of beautiful
women, all the feminists get upset.
If they didn't get upset, I wouldn't want to do it.
But now when I'm filling up my yacht, I'm like, if I get even more girls, they'll get more
mad.
And they motivate you by their discontentment.
That's just how the world works.
We're all to a degree human.
We're all to a degree pay.
We're all to a degree going out there trying to annoy our enemies.
So it's kind of how it works.
So it's interesting if we wanted to do a thought experiment, how the equal, the more extreme
a viewpoint, how it creates in and of itself the equal and opposing extreme viewpoint.
If they were sensible, I would be less extreme, but they're not sensible.
So I am more extreme, not even on purpose.
It's just how they're self-fulfilling prophecies because there is no light without dark.
Yeah, there isn't.
And what is your opinion of how you operate as a man from like your mom and your sister
and stuff like that?
Because obviously the family must come into it some way.
They must have an opinion.
I know that when I go around the world and do certain things that my mom and my sister
will have an opinion on what I'm doing.
Now, regardless, I'm not going to listen to their opinion because obviously I run my
life autonomously, but they have an opinion.
And how does that opinion affect you?
Yeah, I'm pretty unapologetic.
And I think that the fact I'm unapologetic means they don't tell me too much because they
know what my answer is going to be.
I don't believe I'm doing anything wrong or bad.
In fact, I think I'm doing good things.
And I do have to keep myself in check because there's a lot of people doing bad things who
don't think they're doing bad things.
And that's why they do them.
It's a lot of people going through the world right now saying, I'm not doing bad things.
I'm doing good things.
And they're actually damaging society.
It even gets more complicated when you understand that whether they are doing good or doing
bad depends on what side of the fence you stand on.
So to some people, they are doing good.
To other people, they are doing bad.
And then you get into the subjectivity of the world, which is how most things work.
So I do try to keep myself in check and make sure that I am not doing anything genuinely
harmful to society, especially when my haters are saying that I'm the worst person in the
world.
You have to sit and say, am I the worst person in the world?
Am I damaging society?
And you have to make that decision.
But I've analyzed the head to toe.
And I believe that in the end, what I am teaching people is the good thing, is the right thing.
Even just the fact that I'm teaching people to have mental resilience and control, that
alone is enough in a world where 60% of people are popping pills and are sad all the time and
male depression has gone through the roof.
If people are committing suicide, even just teaching men to be happy within themselves
and control their own minds makes me believe I'm doing the right thing.
And yeah, I can live an adventurous life and yeah, I can do some crazy things, but I believe
the ends justify the means.
However, I'm very aware that most people believe this about themselves.
This is how people operate.
So you have to be very human and you have to come to your own conclusions and then you have
to take yourself outside of your mind and look at it from above and say, if I wasn't
me, would I believe that?
It's the same with nearly every decision being made in the world today, right?
You can have a factory and you can hire a bunch of illegal immigrant workers and you
can say you're doing the right thing because those illegal immigrant workers now have a
chance to make money and send money home and feed their children back in Tijuana.
But the people around you are unhappy with all the illegal immigrants in their city.
So you're the bad guy to the people around you and you're the good guy to the legal
immigrant worker and you're doing it because you get to save money and you're justifying
it yourself.
You're justifying the virtue, saying I'm a good person because I get to help these
people.
But really, you want to save the money and a whole bunch of people in the town actually
hate you for it.
So are you the good guy?
Are you the bad guy?
Well, it depends on the side of the fence you stand on.
My enemies truly believe in their heart I am the bad guy.
And it's not only me.
It's the same with Trump.
Trump can come along, secure their border, reduce the drugs, make them richer, fix their
country, and they'll still hate him.
They will still hate him because he said something once.
That's how their mind works.
But what I'm saying is when you ring your mom to say, hey, mom, how are you?
How is England?
I know you've probably paid her mortgage off.
She's living a good life in Luton.
She's loving it.
She's going down the shop.
She's getting everything she wants, right?
But what is her opinion she puts into your ear that perhaps, you know, the world doesn't
understand?
Well, I think she understands that the ends justify the means also.
I think she is truly 100% on my side.
She said the people who are against you are crazy and everyone's over-exaggerating.
And also, although I've said a lot of hyperbolic things, I've pushed the limit.
And the reason I've pushed the limit is because, as I said earlier, our enemies have pushed
the limit.
Really, a lot of the things I'm saying were common sense only 10, 15 years ago.
I don't think I've said anything really, truly that extreme.
Whatever I said, a man's a man, a woman's a woman.
I said that a man should protect and provide.
A woman should listen to her man and let him guide her.
I said that women can't drive.
I mean, come on, let's like, everyone can have a panic attack if they want.
You watch any older movie, you watch any movie from the 80s when the couple get in the car,
who's, who drives?
The man.
The man.
And, and there's some kind of remarkable mind-bending insanity that I say that and people have a mental
breakdown, but it's just the reality of, I feel more comfortable with a man driving my
car.
So my mom actually agrees with a lot of the things I say.
Loads of people do.
I've never really had any intelligent pushback or debate about the things I've said.
What I have is complaints about how I've said them.
That's what I get most often.
It's not very often someone sits down and says, I'm unhappy with your view on this.
They'll say, well, why do you talk that way?
Why did you say it that way?
Can't you be less abrasive?
And my answer to them is no, I cannot.
I want to talk this way.
I'm a full-grown man.
I'll be as abrasive as I want to.
I want to have my viewpoint etched into your mind when I speak.
So I could say that women are weaker than men, or I could say that females are physically
incompetent because it bothers you.
But because it bothers you, you remember it and you think about it.
And the only reason I'm talking is so that you listen to me and so that it goes into your
mind and so you think.
The whole point of being a man in the first place is to leave a footprint on this earth.
That's why we came to be.
That's why men explored the entire planet, to be the first person to explore that country,
the first person to build that tower, the first person to win that fight.
That's the reason men enter the cage and risk their lives.
That's the whole point of it.
If I speak, I'm going to leave an imprint on your mind or I'm not going to fucking talk
to you.
That's why I'm talking.
So no, I won't be less abrasive.
That's how I want to speak.
There are times where I need to be less abrasive.
I'm an adult.
I'm not a dummy.
There's times when you're in court, you need to be a little bit nicer.
To a police, you're a little bit nicer, et cetera.
But I'm also an extremely successful man.
And I don't have to talk to any of you people.
So if I'm going to talk to somebody, I'm the A-side.
It's at my whim, my discretion.
And if I'm going to talk to you, I'm going to talk to you how I like.
This is the thing the BBC couldn't stand.
The BBC would sit down with me and ask me all these stupid questions.
I'd completely destroy them.
And they were like, oh, why does he talk that way?
Because you need my interview.
No one cares about the BBC.
See, I'll talk to you however I want or I won't talk to you at all.
That's one of the benefits of being a successful man.
It's probably the primary benefit is you get to just curate who's in your life and who isn't.
But I don't think my mom has any problem with anything I say.
She may have said a few times, Andrew, you're really making them mad.
And I'll say, good, because that's the reason I'm talking at all.
Think about it.
Actually, think about it.
Why do you spend calories talking?
If you could sit on a bar, on a mirror, you could choose how much impact your words had.
You'd choose 100%, wouldn't you?
Wouldn't you put up to maximum difficulties?
Every time you say anything, it has the maximum impact.
The maximum comfort.
Oh, absolutely.
You sit and say, okay, when I say I love you to a woman, I want that maximum impact.
When I say I hate you to someone, I want it to have maximum impact.
And when I sit and do a podcast, I want it to have maximum impact.
And when I threaten a man, I want him to have maximum impact.
You would go through life with your vocal settings on maximum.
So I have curated the way I speak on purpose to make sure that is maximally effective.
I choose words and I use Tonali, which is deliberately designed to make people, one, listen, and two, think.
If that offends people who don't want to think or don't want to listen, then don't listen and don't think.
So you create your character to create cut through in people's lives?
I don't think it's a character.
I think it's just sitting down and optimizing things.
Like, why would I speak if I'm going to speak on podcasts or I'm going to speak in my business or I'm going to speak to women?
If I'm going to do anything, you're going to optimize it, right?
Isn't that life?
You go to the fight gym and you spar and you lose and you get better.
You attempt to optimize it.
You try and make some money, you attempt to optimize it.
You attempt to grow the number of followers you have on your YouTube channel.
When you go out dating women, you attempt to optimize it to get better at it.
If I'm going to speak to people, I'm going to optimize it to be maximally effective.
I want to be the person who can say less words than everybody else and have a larger impact.
That's what I want to do.
I've chosen that.
I've decided to do that.
I understand that to be able to do that, I also need to have a certain persona and a certain capability.
It's hard to do that if I'm not financially successful.
It's hard to do that if I'm physically weak.
If I walk into a room and I want to bellow and I want to sit and talk in a particular manner, but I'm physically weak and broke, nobody gives a shit.
But I have real world accolades.
Also, a lot of my real world accolades are based on the fact that I've suffered and I'm prepared to go through difficult scenarios for the things I've said.
Which, once again, adds credence to my words.
If I have to go to jail because I talk, people will listen when I talk.
Once again, equal and opposite force.
So the harder my enemies try to damage me, the more powerful they make my voice in the first place.
So this is just a conscious decision.
I think most men kind of consciously do it.
Every man wants to be more effective.
But it's prepared.
I don't know how prepared you are or the difficulty meter.
As you turn it up to 100, there's another meter.
There's a trouble meter that goes with it, I'm assuming.
There's a hate meter that goes with it.
A lot of people are not prepared to say what they truly think the way they think it.
Because they're afraid of the backlash.
They're afraid of what comes online with the he.
The only few people you see on the internet talking the truth, a lot of them are in honest.
And I know I keep going back to this.
It's an asinine.
It's a pretty impotent point.
It's something that everybody understands and it's a bit immature and it's a bit childish.
But it's an important point.
Women can't drive cars very well.
Every man knows it.
Every man's semen.
No man will say it.
What are they scared of?
They are scared to sit and say, I've been in the car with women and they just can't drive.
They're afraid.
They're afraid of all the backlash.
Or if they're going to say it, they'll say, well, you know, some women can drive and they'll just pussyfoot around like a fucking girl.
Think how amazing that is.
You want to talk about subduing the masculine essence, subduing the masculine spirit of resistance against the enslavement of humanity.
They have men too afraid to even fucking talk.
They have you too afraid to even say what you think.
You will sit in a car with a woman who can't drive.
You will sit in that car while she crashes the car.
And afterwards, you'll crawl out of a crashed car.
Some will say, can women drive?
And you'll say, oh, well, you know, some can.
It's just gay.
And it's amazing how subdued the average man has become.
It's truly incredible.
They're scared of what?
Scared of what?
So I refuse to operate in that frame.
I go through life and I want to leave a footprint on everything.
Everyone I've ever spoken to, I want to leave an impression on.
Every room I've ever been in, I want it to, I want there to be energy in the room that people can still feel after I leave.
This is why my enemies struggle with certain concepts they're trying to make me understand when they come along and say, oh, carbon footprint.
I want to leave a footprint.
I want a carbon footprint.
If we could measure all of our carbon footprints on a leaderboard, I would be pissed off if I wasn't number one.
I want to win.
I want a footprint.
So that's why they'll never get through to me.
That's why they'll never understand me.
That's why they see me as a threat.
I respect and understand that, but I'm not going to change.
Where's this Bugatti, this carbon footprint Bugatti?
Well, D-Cult were very interested in that car and they couldn't get it.
And I'm actually quite proud of that.
After three and a half years of this garbage, that they never bought my Bugatti, which they asked for and deliberately tried to.
When they bust down this door, they were saying, where's the Bugatti?
When they were searching this house, when they found Bugatti paperwork, they put it in a separate pile.
They wanted that car.
That was their trophy piece.
They wanted to take it and they never did.
So the day I'm back in that car in freedom, it's going to be a great day.
Guys, before we go into this podcast, this podcast is sponsored by contentremover.com.
If you're looking to remove any images, videos, search results, fake accounts, or anything else online, go to contentremover.com.
We've looked after everybody from the likes of Alex Hormozy, Kayla Riccinez, Tammy Hembrough, to a whole host of other brands and celebrities that you know and love.
And we'd love to help you with your issues online.
So if you have any issues online and you want to get in touch with us, click the link below this video and go to contentremover.com.
Because I was with Mike the other week at a party and he was sad about the day that you filmed that YouTube video.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And he turned up and he just said something off the cuff to you and then you said, you know, but I say, what color is your Bugatti?
And it just went...
Mega viral.
Mega viral.
Yeah, it's hard for me to go as viral as I used to because I'm pretty cancelled everywhere now.
They have AI algorithms which detects me and deletes a lot of my videos.
Yeah, I got one of my accounts suspended for using some B-roll of you and the content.
So that's the thing.
So it used to be people who would have to suspend me, but now they have AI machines deliberately trained to find me, to get rid of me, to damage my influence.
They don't want me influenced.
But that's not happening on Instagram.
It's just happening on TikTok, isn't it?
TikTok, Instagramming YouTube a little bit, not as much.
They're not as advanced.
TikTok have really got their act together.
But AI is coming to Meta and YouTube and they'll try and delete me.
And perhaps that'll be the end of my internet career.
I'm not sure.
But yeah, when I used to go crazy viral, it was before the mass cancellations.
And now there's AI machines deliberately trained.
And we know this because we're combating them.
Inside of my school, we have an AI campus.
So we're combating AI machines.
So we have some of the advanced AI machines inside of my campus, inside of my school.
And we'll say, well, how does the AI detect me?
And we'll try and put it into our AI algorithms and work it out.
And then we'll find a workaround.
So at first, we used to invert the videos.
We used to invert it so it couldn't detect my face.
Then it started detecting it.
Then we invert the video.
Then we go, okay, well, let's use a cartoon, Andrew.
And then that worked.
And then it started picking up my voice.
So we put a voice changer on it.
So we got to the point where it wasn't even me.
We had to put a voice changer, invert it, cartoon.
And it's crazy how they got better and better at picking things up.
So yeah, they really have put a lot of energy and effort into trying to stop me having influence over the youth.
And the primary reason is because I convince people to think for themselves and to say what they think.
That's not really good for the society as a whole in regards to if you're in charge of a farm,
you really don't want all the farm ambas thinking for themselves.
Why would you?
It's better they all just do as they're told.
So there's a huge concerted effort to ensure the majority of humanity,
even the few who must escape mentally, they allow to escape,
but that the majority of humanity follow in lockstep to their own slavery.
There's a huge concerted effort.
This is not something which is accidental.
This is not something that the liberals just believe because they're silly liberals.
There are people who have deliberately designed systems, information, governments, schooling, education, judicial systems, you name all of it.
Every single thing comes down to the end of does this enforce compliance of the populace?
And the primary objective of that is that people never wake up and look around and realize they're getting fucked.
Which is, of course, what you want if you're going to fuck someone over.
I mean, if you're going to rob someone's house and you could press a button,
they didn't know that anything was missing.
That's pretty fucking convenient.
It's a lot more convenient than dealing with them calling the police, right?
So there's huge concerted efforts.
So if you're any kind of person who inspires free thought on any level,
even worse, free thought coupled with the bravery to say what you're thinking instantly in real time,
well, then you're an enemy to the matrix or an enemy to the system.
And I notice this all of the time.
I notice this all the time.
I'll be watching Netflix and some chick will be beating up some guy.
We're 10 guys.
It's when a girl will be doing kung fu, beating up 30 men.
And I'll just say, this is bullshit.
And they'll be like, what do you mean?
I'll say, this is unwatchable.
Never.
And people around me, they confuse.
Like, what do you mean?
But she knows karate.
Like, this is just not real life.
It's a psyop.
You don't realize it's a psyop.
You think it's just the stupid TV show, but it's not.
Because there is no such thing as just a silly TV show.
It's not just a silly TV show where the women beat up the men,
and the women are smarter than the men, and the men are dummies.
And in the end, the guy leaves the girl to save him,
and the guy's gay, and there's a tranny.
And none of this is oops.
This is written on purpose.
And your silly ass is going to sit there
and absorb it into your mind until it's normalized.
The fact that things need to be normalized at all
shows it's not normal.
That's the whole point.
We need to normalize.
No, we don't.
It doesn't mean normalizing.
But it's done by the culture.
So none of these things are accidental.
Making, creating young men who will watch a woman
beating up 30 full-grown men and say,
this is bullshit, women can't fight,
is a threat to them.
So they have to get rid of me.
They have to get me off the platform.
I completely understand it.
It's a war.
It's a battle.
I don't take it personally.
It is what it is.
I was out for dinner last night
with a couple of my Romanian girlfriends,
and I asked them their opinion on you.
Very beautiful, elegant women.
And they had an opinion.
Obviously, they do.
I said, okay, girls, what is your opinion on Andrew?
And they started to say that, you know,
we don't agree with this, we don't agree with that.
It's the normal rhetoric.
And I said, have you ever met him?
No.
Never met him.
I'm like, well, having an opinion on someone
that you've never met is a highly poisonous thing.
You can't really have an opinion on a man
that you've ever met.
So if you've never met the man himself
and he's never introduced you to him,
but you've seen one clip on the internet
that's told you that he's like that,
that's a problem.
Is this something you're facing every single day?
Yeah, but you know, it's interesting
because in real life,
I've never had a negative interaction.
I think I've had maybe one,
and it was some silly person
yelling a comment from afar.
In real life, everybody's very nice to me.
But yes, what you're highlighting
is extremely interesting
because if they can evoke
an emotional response in somebody
regarding someone
that they've never met in person,
think about the power the matrix has.
It can make you hate someone you've never met
based on a tiny little clip
with no genuine concept
or context of that clip.
It's different if you've watched
everything someone said,
or you've seen that person's political policies
and you're unhappy with them,
or you've watched them long-form fine.
But most people don't even bother
to do that research.
Most people will see a four-second clip,
they'll read a headline,
and they will believe
what they're supposed to believe.
They will be emotional about that.
That's exactly how they got people
to get the vaccine and they're on.
That's exactly how they convince people
to sit there
and allow their government
to steal all their money.
It's exactly how they convince you
to believe that for some reason
transsexuals need to be talking
to your children.
It's exactly the same reason
they believe you should hate me.
It's just all sitting there
as emotional arguments.
It's emotionalized.
That's one of the things
when they say I'm a misogynist.
I'm not a misogynist.
When I say that men
should be in charge of certain things
it's because men are genuinely
generally more logical.
Females are emotional.
That is their power.
I'm not insulting them for that.
I love when I see my woman
with my children.
I love how emotional a woman is.
I love how soft and naive
and beautiful.
That's beautiful.
That's attractive.
No man wants a woman
who thinks logically like a man.
We want that innocence.
Innocence is attractive.
Naivety is beautiful to us.
But when you take those things
and apply it,
the same things
that make them beautiful women,
the same things we find attractive,
the same things that make
some good partners,
when we apply that to society,
now you understand
that it's easier to scare them,
that you can appeal to them
with emotional arguments
easier than you can with men.
This is why they say
I'm a misogynist
because I believe
the patriarchy is more protective
and more logical
and harder to fool.
It's harder to fool
a group of men
than it is to harder
to fool a group of men
and women.
Well, why?
Because with the women
you can use an emotional argument.
Well, the founder
of Telegram, Pavel,
got caught out, didn't he?
Because of the girlfriend
he had on the flight with him
was posting on Instagram
where they were going.
Well, that's the story.
That's right.
I don't know if that's
exactly what happened,
but that's what everyone was saying.
You're right.
Exactly.
And if he were to be saying
to her at any time,
you know,
don't post my location,
her emotional argument is,
oh, no one cares.
She just wants Instagram mics.
That's all she cares about.
She doesn't give a shit.
Who goes to jail?
She wants Instagram mics.
But I've walked in here
and I've seen you there
working with your laptops.
I've seen that in my reality.
I've personally seen you working.
So why do you want
so much life admin
of all these women
and all these wives
and all these children?
Because that's like
life admin 101.
That keeps you away
from what you actually said
that you love.
Yeah.
There's a cost for everything.
If you have a supercar collection,
you have to maintain
that supercar collection.
If you have a female collection,
you have to maintain
that female collection.
It's a nightmare.
But you're never going to have
anything you care about
that doesn't also stress you out.
Anything that can evoke
an emotional response in you
can evoke the emotional response
in both directions.
There is no light without dark.
So why would I do it?
Well, females allow me to procreate.
Females allow me to have children.
So there is an end result.
It's not just hedonism.
But the amount of females
that you probably date
and probably have children with,
you know,
there's a lot.
It's a lot of life admin without many.
It's a lot of life admin.
But you know,
the best people in the world,
what they're best at
is basically life admin.
I mean, think about,
I don't want to change subject
from myself,
but look at Elon.
He's done far more amazing things.
He has 11 children from four women.
He's the best Diablo player on the planet.
He owns Twitter.
He's going to space.
He owns Tesla.
He's now working for the government.
It's amazing how much you can get done
if you're genuinely dedicated
to purely working.
But Elon stopped at four
and Andrew hasn't.
No, I haven't.
No.
But I'm also not putting rockets in space.
So I've got a little bit more time in the day.
But yeah,
it's life admin,
but there's nothing here.
Life is admin.
Life is rented.
I know exactly what you're saying,
but I'm saying my philosophy
is that you never own anything
that you're not renting anyway.
Your physical health
is not something you have.
It's something you rent.
If you don't look after it,
you lose it.
Just like a house,
if you don't pay the rent,
you lose the house.
It's the same with your business.
If you don't look after your business,
you lose the business.
You lose your money.
The same with women.
If you don't look after the women,
you lose the women.
So do you have to sit there
and attribute values to each thing
and work out,
is this worth the extra seconds
in the day to maintain it?
Well, out of the females,
at least you can get children,
and procreating is one of the most
important things you can do.
So I would argue that
having a bunch of women
who are prepared to have your children
is an asset and an important one.
What was your net worth
before you started having
the multiple women
and the multiple children with those?
Well, that's the problem
because women are expensive.
And the reason they're expensive
is because time and money
are the same thing.
And if you're limited on time,
the only way you can satisfy a woman
you ain't got time for
is to give her money.
Right?
That's the truth.
Time and money are interchangeable.
So what's the number?
Well, I've had money
for quite a while now,
but I'm not saying women
are only with me for money either,
but I'm saying it's easier
to have 20 girlfriends
if you're rich.
That is true.
But how do you define rich?
That's what I'm saying.
What is the number
when you've lived this life, right?
You started.
Well, I mean...
You were worth X amount
when you started to live that.
Well, I had two or three girlfriends
back when I was broke,
but I was with them all the time.
So when I was poor,
I could be with a girl,
I'd be with the girl all the time
or I'd live with her.
But then when you get rich,
you live with your boys
and you do what you want
and you're not with the girl all the time
because you don't want to be.
So then you have to interchange it
with something else.
So to answer your question,
it depends how many girls you have.
It depends how much time
you spend with them.
You don't have to give girls money
if you give them time.
The thing is,
if you have enough money,
you don't value the money
and you'd rather give them money
than give them time
because you have other things
that are more interesting to do
or another girl you want to see.
So you'd rather say,
sure, your rent is paid.
Stay there.
And not see her.
Now, I know that's probably counterintuitive
to a lot of men out there.
But if you were to give a number?
It's very difficult for me to say.
I'm pretty wealthy.
But from your experience,
I want the number.
It's hard to say.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Is it 1 million?
Is it 2 million?
Is it 5 million?
Is it 10 million?
What number is it?
Depends on the girl you have.
It's very subjective.
I can't answer.
It depends on the girl you have.
It depends how much money you give her.
It depends on the lifestyle she expects.
It depends on how pretty she is.
It depends on the most time
you spend with her.
It depends on lots of things.
It's hard to say.
But based upon your experience, Adrie?
My experience is that
if you can afford
to take care of a woman's life,
you get a huge degree of leeway
with what you're doing.
And when I say take care of her life,
I mean if her rent is paid
and she has enough money for food
and the odd nice piece of clothing
and she has a car if she needs one,
if you take care of her,
so I don't know,
in Romania that might cost
5,000 or 6,000 a month.
In other countries it may cost
10,000, 15,000 a month.
I don't know.
But if you have enough money
to take care of a woman,
you have pretty high leeway.
So depending where you live,
if you take care of her,
you can usually get away with most.
So what you're saying is then
by you moving your life
earlier to Romania
whilst you stacked your cash
and made your money,
that allowed you
to achieve that earlier.
So you achieved
a lesser net worth
than the lifestyle
that you're predetermined in.
Now you achieved
a lesser net worth
than perhaps what you are
right now, obviously.
Yeah, but this is actually
a really interesting conversation
because you have to be
very careful with this
because it's easy
to be misunderstood.
If you're in Dubai
and you're just giving girls money
and those girls want your money,
especially the girls in Dubai,
that is what they want.
That is very different
than a girl who wants your time,
does love you,
but you don't have the time
to give her,
so you replace the time
with some money.
That is very different
than giving a girl money
who wants money.
They have to primarily
want your time
and want you,
but you don't have it to give,
so instead you replicate it
and you give the next best thing,
which is some money
or a comfortable life,
but I don't think
my move to Romania
allowed me to do that
any easier.
Previously,
I simply had as many girls
as I bothered to have
or wanted to have.
I just gave my time
instead of my money,
whereas now,
my time is so valuable.
Let's say I have to make
$100,000 in an hour.
I'd rather spend that hour
making $100,000
and give her
a $500 present
and then bank $99,900,
$500, whatever,
and keep the extra money
than sit around with her
watching bullshit in Twilight
because it's a waste
of fucking time.
So it gets to a point
where the return
on doing her crap
just becomes zero
and it becomes,
to a degree,
not saying there's
no love involved
because there is love involved,
but it does become
quite transactional.
It does become like,
look, I'm taking care of you.
Everything's taken care of.
I'm busy.
I love you.
You love me.
Okay, you're loyal.
I love you, bang.
Okay, I'm busy
because you have
more important things to do.
Important men
have important things to do.
The things women
want you to do
aren't important
nearly ever.
It's bullshit.
Now, if they have
a loser man,
then they'll yell at him
to get off the couch,
put the video games down
and go get some money.
But if they have a man
who's going out
and they're getting money,
they'll try and yell at him
to come sit on the couch
and watch a stupid movie.
So that's just emails.
It is what it is.
They always want
but they haven't got.
That's fine.
But for you,
if you're going to sit there
as a completely broke man,
the only thing you have
to offer a woman
is your time
so you're going to have
to give it to her.
I mean,
but if you have
other things to offer,
especially,
and I know this is
an unfair comparison
to most people
watching at home,
but I'm also famous
and I offer status.
If a girl gets to see me
once a month,
she gets status
and I'm famous
and she gets a lifestyle
and she knows
she's taken care of
and she's known
she's with me.
So I get a whole bunch
of brownie points
that allow me
to not use my time.
So I'm living
in a cheap mode.
Because I don't want
to use my time,
I could have unlimited.
And I could have
a hundred girlfriends
if I had wanted.
Which is ahead
of a lot of admin.
Which is a lot,
it's a lot of admin.
But then you have
to decide
what you're doing it for,
right?
So if you're doing it
just to show off,
I mean,
that's fun for a while,
but it's really
not worth it.
If you're doing it
so you can fill up
a yacht like that,
once again,
it's fun for a while,
it's really not worth it.
The only thing
that makes any of this
worth it is children
at the end.
So you know
Dan Blasarian quite well.
Yeah.
Dan's changed
his whole thesis
on this by living
the hedonistic lifestyle.
He's obviously
getting closer to God now.
He's finding God.
He's finding purpose.
But he says now,
he openly said,
I saw her on the podcast
the other week,
he's talking about
monogamy now.
You would never talk
about monogamy,
would you?
No, I wouldn't.
And I know Dan quite well
and I respect him a lot.
He's a great guy
and I don't want to speak
for him because he's
his own man.
However,
his attitude towards women
was never procreation.
I think if Dan
would have had
20 children
across the last five years,
he wouldn't be looking
at monogamy right now.
He'd actually be very happy
with what he'd done
and he'd be considering
making 20 more.
So monogamy is perhaps
what he wants to set up
before he creates children.
That's his choice.
So where you've
approached it differently
is you've gone,
right,
I will date multiple women
but I'll have children
with multiple women as well.
Whereas Dan said,
okay,
I will sleep with
hundreds of women
but just to sleep.
I'm interested in sex
for the sake of sex.
I think it's pointless.
If I'm going to have
a girlfriend
and we're going to
sleep together,
there has to be a chance
of a child appearing.
God can decide
but there should be
a chance a child appear.
That's what sex is for.
I don't think it's interesting
just in another cell.
I'm really over that.
But before I die,
I would like to have
as many versions of me
as possible on the planet.
God will decide
how many come.
Women take nine months
to grow a whole baby
because they're slow.
That's their problem.
And children will be made.
That's the bottom line.
Children will be made.
But good things take time.
Well, yeah, they do.
But I mean,
I can say some
really controversial things.
In fact, I'll say them.
Let's go.
So one of the primary reasons
Western society
as a whole is failing,
one of the primary reasons
it's failing
is because men
have been cupped by women
into only having children
only then.
A woman will come along
to a man and say,
have my kids.
I want kids.
We're going to have children.
The man will go,
okay, fantastic.
And she'll go,
but don't have kids
with anyone else.
And he'll go, okay.
And then he'll go
and he'll work his ass off
and he'll, you know,
tries very best.
And then she'll say,
okay, I need a nanny
and I need a bigger car
for the kid
and we need a car seat
and the kid used
to go to piano lessons.
We need a bigger house.
We need a playroom.
And he'll slave away,
slave away, slave away
to get one or two kids
out of this woman.
And then if he asks
her for a third,
she'll say, no,
I don't want to have
any more kids.
It's too hard.
Pregnant's too hard.
And we need another nanny
and I want to go on holiday
and I want a Birkin bag.
I want Instagram likes.
So this female
and her whims,
her emotions,
her primary concerns,
which a lot of the time
are just showing off,
have limited that man's
genetic potential massively.
Now those are the most
successful men
in Western society.
The least successful men
don't have that problem.
There's brothers
on the street
with no money,
nine baby mothers,
taxpayers raising all of them.
Doesn't care.
So who's reproducing?
Think about it.
Who's reproducing
in Western society?
It's not our best.
It's actually the opposite.
You wonder why
immigration rates
are getting out of control.
You wonder why
London's not white anymore.
Well, that's because
they have kids,
the immigrants.
And their wives,
their women aren't saying,
I need a bigger house
and a nanny.
No, their women
just have children
because that's their culture
to have kids.
That's what they're for.
Western women
don't think that way.
Western women
are uninterested
in having kids
until they're 32.
I want to follow my career.
What's your career?
Instagram?
What's your career?
You're out every fucking night.
Name a career.
You haven't got one.
What you want to do
is follow the money.
Follow the bag
and go Maldives
and take pretty pictures.
That's what you want to do.
So they're wasting
their most fertile years
on dumb shit.
We talk about
the population collapse
in the West.
This is exactly why.
Because men are not like me
to sit and say,
I want children.
I'll have a kid with you.
Cool.
And if you take too long
to grow it,
listen,
nine months is how long
it's supposed to take.
Double up.
That's your problem.
Get it done.
If it takes too long,
I'll have kids with her.
Oh, but I don't want you to.
Tough.
Tough.
Because my genetic legacy
is more important
than your feelings.
When I'm dead
and gone,
they will talk about
how many children
Andrew Tate had.
They will not talk about
the fact that some chick
cried and told him
what to do
and he was scared of her
getting mad at me.
I'm not afraid of you.
So I'm going to have
his kids with whoever
the fuck I want.
Like men have always done.
That's all we've ever done.
So the Western society now,
the females have cuffed men
into sitting there
only having kids with them.
If you have a woman
who says only have kids with me,
the deal is,
okay, have as many as I want.
If you'll give me 20 children,
if you'll be pregnant
for the next 20 years, deal.
But if you're going to start saying,
oh, one's enough,
well then, sorry.
The human race needs to,
it's more,
the human race,
females in their narcissism
don't think outside of themselves.
The human race
and Western civilization
is more important
than your crybaby feelings.
So we need children on the planet.
We're literally collapsing.
Get over it.
That's the bottom line.
So what would you say
to all the women
listening to this podcast
and entrepreneurial women
that have got these e-commerce brands,
they're doing a couple of million,
there's quite a lot of women out there
that's been successful in business.
What would you say to them then?
Because they're putting off
being a mother
to do the business stuff.
Well, I'd say congratulations
on their success
and I'd say they should get pregnant
at the same time.
Think of all the things
I can do simultaneously.
I can be a convict
and one of the most famous men
on the planet simultaneously.
Elon, as we just discussed,
puts rockets in space
and owns the largest
electric vehicle company
in the world
and now he's going to work
directly for Doge
cleaning up the government
all at the same time.
A lot of it's just cope.
A lot of it's just excuses.
Females, I believe,
have,
I wouldn't say obligation
because that's going
to be used against me,
but typically
it was the men who build
and it was the women
who provide the children.
For earth,
men build the cities,
men build the roads,
men build,
women give us the children.
Well, birth rates are collapsing
and we've built more
than we've ever built.
So men are doing their job.
Men are still building
all these things,
but we can't seem
to get the kids we need.
Now, the reason I'm saying
all of this,
because I know I'm going
to be attacked for it,
but it is what it is.
This is only a Western world phenomenon.
This is not the case
in many places on the planet.
This is what's so interesting
when you talk about geopolitics.
I have so many people come to me
and they're Western nationalists
or they're white supremacists.
I talk to everybody
on all ends of the spectrum.
I talk to a hard liberal.
I'll talk to a Nazi,
far right, white supremacist,
even as a mixed race man.
I talk to everybody
and the white supremacists
are saying they don't want Africans
coming into their country
and they don't want their country
to be less white.
And I say,
well, you don't have a choice
because if you let
one African couple in,
they're going to have more children
than 50 of your couple.
On a long enough time frame,
it's just math.
It's just numbers.
So we now have a society
where women have been liberated
from their obligation
and we've asked them,
okay, you don't have to have children,
which is your traditional obligation.
What do you want to do instead?
And let me ask you,
and I'm going to ask you a question now.
Come on, here we go.
What have,
women have been unchained,
unshackled from their original obligation,
which was reproduction.
What have they done of merit since?
Become real estate agents in Dubai.
Well, there you go.
You have Instagram models,
you have porn stars,
you have girls going to work,
doing a job,
which truthfully a man could do better
when we all know it.
What are they doing instead
that matters as much as children?
Or have they done anything
at the same level as reproducing?
There's nothing in my mind
that matters as much
as them being able to have children
if they want children.
Absolutely.
I understand that.
But I know some phenomenal
entrepreneurial women
completely
that listen to this podcast as well
that have also done some mad stuff.
Absolutely.
And here's,
so there's polarity in that.
No, of course.
But here's where we get into the difference
between the man and the female,
the masculine and the female mind
because females will think
exceptions disprove the rule.
Men don't.
When you talk about subjects like this,
there's going to be a woman watching this
who's very successful
who's going to be insulted
because she's an exception
to the general rule.
Yeah.
But that's not the point.
When you make,
when you talk about geopolitics,
when you talk about population collapse
across a nation,
you can't talk about exceptions
to the rule.
If I talk about the fact
that the Western typical family
in Britain
doesn't have many children
and that's why the population's collapsing,
it's asinine to turn around
and say,
here's one family that has 10 kids.
Yeah,
that is one family that has 10 kids.
But we're talking geopolitically
and we're talking about society as a whole.
We're talking about the trend as a whole.
You're right.
Some women are fantastic entrepreneurs.
Agreed.
However,
the majority of breeding age females
do not have children,
not because they're fantastic entrepreneurs.
It's because they're doing fuck all.
They're scrolling TikTok.
They're pissing around.
They refuse to have kids.
They don't want to.
They want Birkin bags and Instagram likes
and they're doing nothing at all important.
That's the reality of it.
Now,
before everyone says I'm blaming women,
we can also blame men
because there's a whole bunch of men
who don't want to have kids.
Well,
men allow that to happen.
Men allow them to walk,
walk through life
and buy the Birkin bags
because if they're an attractive female
and that's the kind of life they're living,
whether they're living in Dubai,
the Miamis
or all these places in the world
and they're living that kind of life,
it's men that are allowing that to happen
so it's the man's fault.
There's no light without dark.
It's equal,
the man and the woman's fault.
It's equal.
It's both sides.
I understand why women
are going to be watching this
and saying,
well,
why would I just have kids
with some random guy?
How do I know he's going to take care of me?
Completely true.
You need a man to take care of you
and you need a man capable
of taking care of you.
But how can it be a woman's fault
because the man's men
are leading the world
and leading life?
Well,
we have a lot of girls,
well,
we just discussed it,
right?
We just talked about how
they get together with a man
and they're going to limit
his genetic possibilities.
But that man has allowed her
to limit his genetic possibilities.
So that man is at fault,
not the woman.
Well,
and this is the thing
because now you have
competing interests.
So,
and this is the thing
that most people don't understand
about having
genuinely intellectual conversation.
When you talk about one subject,
now we're talking about
female birth rates,
right?
We can talk about it
from the perspective of
geopolitics.
We can talk about
the perspective of race.
We can talk about it
from the female perspective,
the masculine perspective.
They're all different perspectives
and they all have
competing obligations.
This is what's interesting.
So the man,
I know what you're saying.
A woman will sit and say,
well,
I can't just have kids
with anyone
because I need to be
taken care of
and I don't just want
to be left with a baby
by myself.
Completely agree.
A man will sit and say
he doesn't want to have kids
for other reasons.
And then a country
will sit and say,
well,
we need children
so we have to find a way
to make it work.
So you have all these
competing viewpoints
and competing objectives.
But I know
that me and you sat here
except that everything
in our lives
is our fault.
Correct.
Both the positive
and the negative.
Correct.
So if that's the truth then
and that's how
you teach every man
to live their life,
regardless of whether
the female decides
to have children or not
or this, that and the other,
it's his fault.
Well, yeah,
because everything I said
at the beginning
of this podcast
about the fact that
you get what you deserve
from the universe.
If you're the kind of man
who deserves 20 children,
you're going to get them.
And if you're the kind of man
who doesn't, you're not.
I mean, if you're going
to sit there
and not be able
to find a female
to have your progeny,
that's your problem.
And if the female
you're with
and spend every day with
and walk around Ikea
with picking out fucking towels
won't give you
as many kids as you want,
well, then you're a dipshit.
That's, again, your problem.
It's not my problem,
but it's their problem.
And I'm just saying,
when I was talking,
I was talking
from a geopolitical standpoint,
I understand why women
watching this will sit and say,
well, why should I just
have children?
Have children with who?
None of these men
want to take care of me.
And then we go down
the other rabbit hole
of why men want to take care
of women in the first place.
Men want to protect women
when they see innocence
and naivety
and they find that attractive
and they want to protect it
from the outside world.
A man wants to find a woman
and say,
you don't understand the world,
I'm going to protect you
and I'm going to provide for you.
I'm not going to allow you
to go out there
and be coarsened
by the earth.
I'm not going to allow you
to be scarred.
If they meet a woman
who's already coarsened,
they have no interest
in protecting
and providing for her.
Does the fact that
females have inherently
raised their promiscuity
in the first world,
that's affected
a lot of this,
hasn't it?
Oh, absolutely.
Because the market value
of a quote-unquote female
would go down
if she's been more promiscuous.
Well, yeah.
She's been coarsened by life.
Her heart's not the same as it was.
A woman only falls in love
once or twice.
After that,
it's just pay the bills.
So she doesn't love the same.
This is what's so interesting
about the feminism movement
because feminism,
what is it given women?
Truthfully,
what is it given?
Before feminism,
a man met a woman,
they got married.
The man had an obligation
to take care of that woman.
Even if they argued,
whatever.
She got pregnant.
She went to a house.
He had an obligation
to take care of her.
He wasn't allowed
to just fuck around
and have all these girls.
Feminism gave men that access.
By telling women
they can choose
to do whatever they want
and remove their obligations
to be housewives
and have children,
they said,
now you can do
whatever you want.
Well, now women are sitting there
going,
I can do whatever I want.
We all want that guy.
Well, then that guy
gets all the choice.
So now that guy
gets to share you all.
That was feminism's result.
Feminism put women
in a position now
where they have two choices.
They can go and compete
against men in the workforce
and lose.
We can do DEI hires.
We can give them HR jobs.
We can pretend that they work,
but they don't.
They'll never get rich
like a man will.
Or they can go
and try and compete
for the best men on the planet
who have unlimited choice
with younger
and more beautiful women forever.
So feminism's put women
in a very difficult position.
It was easier before feminism
when they knew
they had an obligation
to just get married
and that man had an obligation
to take care of them.
The whole point of marriage,
you talk about promiscuity,
the whole point of marriage
in the first place
was a very simple
business transaction.
I'll take care of you
for the rest of your life,
but you're going to listen to me.
You're going to give me children
and you haven't been
with any other man.
That's the deal.
If you're coming along
as a woman saying,
I've been with loads of other men,
I'm not going to give you kids
and I don't listen to no man.
Well, who is going to marry you?
There's no trade.
That's why marriage is gone.
Right?
So you're right.
We have two different
competing sides.
As a man,
what's the most intelligent move
you can make on the chessboard?
Let's forget everything
I've said that's offended everybody
and let's just approach this
as professionals,
as thinkers.
You're a man.
If you tie yourself
to one woman,
she can financially destroy you.
That doesn't sound logical.
Why would you do that
if you already have
sexual access to her?
You already have
sexual access to her.
She's been with
a bunch of men before you.
She can't truly fall in love anymore
because she's had
too much heartbreak
because that's what happens.
Every single time
a woman sleeps with a guy
and she doesn't stay with him,
she gets a little bit more cold.
You're not going to risk
your entire net worth on that.
You also,
if you're the kind of person
who's successful,
you have access to not only her,
you have access to a bunch of females
that pretty much look
the same as her.
You know that you're going to be
attractive to females
for the next 25 years.
She's only attractive
for the next five or six years.
And she's saying
she won't give you
as many children as you want.
Why on earth would a man
be loyal to
or get married
to any of these women ever?
This is a logical conversation
because I ask women,
what do you offer?
Oh, but I'm me.
Okay.
That's the narcissism
they have to operate within
with their head in the clouds
because they can't answer
the question correctly.
What do you offer a man
enough to make him want
to dedicate his life
and fortune to you?
Now, if you have
some exclusives,
I've never been
on a private jet before.
I've never been
in a Lamborghini before.
I've never been
on holiday without my family.
I haven't slept with anyone.
Fine.
Now the man gets something
that other men haven't got.
But even you and I know
as the masculine imperative,
we don't want
what other men have had.
We don't want a used car.
We want a new car.
Damages his value.
That's right.
But you say about
their narcissism saying,
oh yeah,
but you get me.
But what about them
saying that you'd be a narcissist
by saying what you're saying
right now?
Well, the reason they,
I'm sure they would.
And I've been called
a narcissist a few times,
believe it or not.
But the difference is
a man protects and provides.
He gives genuine provision
which can be measured
in the materialistic world.
I think what you're
trying to say is here.
No, what I'm trying to say is
a woman will say,
you get me.
And you'll say,
what does that mean?
And she'll go,
I send you funny TikToks.
Great.
You get me.
What does that mean?
Your rent's paid.
You're on jets.
You get to fly around the world.
Any problem you have,
I fix it.
You're physically safe.
Like there's a list
of real things
if you're with a billionaire man.
Whereas a woman,
it's just a you get me.
What does she give you?
She gives you sex,
back rubs,
some happy messages,
which is nice.
I'm not saying
that's insignificant.
I'm not even saying
that's unimportant.
I'm saying that most women
can't even explain to you
why they're a catch.
They just go through life
only being judged
by their looks.
That's all they have,
their looks.
That's all they want
to have,
their looks.
They keep sleeping with guys
and they don't realize
why it doesn't work out
until they become heartless
and bitter
and then they chase the bag
and try and just get
some money
before they get old and ugly.
That's just what happens.
Feminism did that.
In terms of a man's value
and a woman's value
from your perspective,
what are the prime ages
for a man
and what are the prime ages
for a woman?
I mean,
I think women are,
I think men are more attractive
when they are wiser
and established.
I mean,
what does a woman
find attractive in a man?
She finds charisma
and security
and financial capability,
wisdom,
knowledge,
humor.
All of these things
take time to build.
So men are more attractive
and they're probably
the most attractive
35 to 50 maybe.
Whereas,
what does a man
find attractive in a woman?
Naivety,
innocence,
fertility,
inexperience,
innocence.
Innocence is the key one.
Men love an innocent woman.
They don't want a woman
who understands the game
too well.
They love innocence.
But women don't stay innocent
for very long
because men fuck them over
and life fucks them over.
I'm not being anti-women.
I'm just commenting.
So a woman's going to be
attractive younger
than a man is.
And what you've just said there
is so true
because the woman got damaged
because ultimately
a man fucked them over.
100%.
So it goes back to our point
originally which is like
ultimately it falls down
to the male responsibility
to set the standard.
Well,
this is the point.
No,
no.
I'm going to argue with that
because we talk about
the male responsibility
to set the standard.
I'm going to argue with that
because it's only feminism
that allowed this shit
to happen in the first place.
She wouldn't have been
fucked over
if she married a man at 18
and her and that man
stayed together forever
like they used to.
Feminism giving them
these choices
and opening up society
to a sexual free-for-all.
But feminism wasn't created
by women,
was it?
Well,
we can go down
the Jewish question.
If you want to get banned.
If you want to get banned.
No,
no,
but feminism is embraced
by females.
Every single female you ask
she'll say,
I'm a feminist.
And I'm saying
if you ask them,
what has feminism given you?
They can't answer.
I understand the whole narrative,
but let's just focus
on that initial question.
Me and you both know
that feminism wasn't created
by women,
it was taught to women.
And the people
that created feminism
were male,
right?
Yeah.
You agree?
Yeah.
So it's a male problem
regardless of race
or whoever created it.
We mean you both know
where that came from.
But it's not a problem.
I'm not talking about it
as a problem.
I'm just commenting
on society
as I see it.
It's not a problem
for the top tier men.
The situation I've just designed
and just described.
It is a problem
for the 90% of men
that can't.
It's a problem
for the men
who can't compete,
but it's absolutely fantastic
at the top.
Yeah.
You get unlimited
sexual access
with no time commitment,
no obligations,
it's absolutely fantastic
at the top.
Of course it is.
And just like it's pretty good
to be a pretty woman.
It's just harder
for the other ones.
That's the game, right?
What I'm saying is
the idea that
when we were just talking
about a woman
getting screwed over
by life
and losing her innocence
completely,
but feminism
allowed this to happen.
Feminism has just
opened up the world
to a sexual free-for-all
and this sexual free-for-all
doesn't benefit women
because birth rates plumbing.
It doesn't even benefit society.
Now I'm sitting here
as a person
who would genuinely
not like to live
in a very strictly
monogamous society.
So I'm not even
talking about myself.
I'm not talking,
I'm not preaching.
I'm just commenting
on society as it is.
At what age
did monogamy start
or stop making sense to you?
I don't think
it ever made sense.
I don't think
it makes sense
to any man biologically.
But you're taught it
from a young age.
Like my mom and dad
have been married
for 44 years.
I think the days
of that happening
now are gone.
Well, that's right
because you have culture
and you have biology
and they're different things.
I think masculine biology
is different.
I think also top-tier males
have always been the same way.
Even back in the day
when we talk about monogamy,
kings have always
had multiple wives.
Kings have always
had mistresses.
Kings always have.
So again,
it depends where you are
on the pecking order.
How many wives
did your dad have though?
Say again?
How many wives
did your dad have?
I have no idea.
I'm sure he was busy.
I mean,
he wasn't home very much.
But I mean,
I'll talk to a dude
and he'll be like,
I love my wife.
I don't want anyone else.
That's fantastic.
That's great.
Then that's your prerogative.
I'm not telling you
you have to go fuck.
But the truth
about people
who say that
most of the time
is that they can't.
Remember,
I used to have
my webcam business, right?
I used to be involved
in this industry.
The worst men
on the planet
are the loyal husbands.
The man will sit there
and go,
I love my chick.
I'm loyal.
The second she goes to bed,
he's logging into
all these websites
that are the most
fucked up shit possible
because biologically
he actually wants more
and he can't get it.
There's a huge confusion
in the world today
between men who are loyal
because they say
they want to be loyal
and men who are loyal
because they have no choice.
If you go into a store
that sells bananas
and that's all it sells
and you buy a banana,
you can't say you like bananas.
There's no options.
If you go into a store
that sells everything
and you walk out
with a banana every day,
then you can say you're loyal.
Most men who are loyal physically
simply have no options.
The men who do have options
are different.
And I will tell you
something about females,
especially the ones
who are smart.
There are women out there
who say,
look,
I would rather be with a man
who is honest,
who is open,
who I know is not going to fall
head over heels
with some chick
just because her tits are big
and she's a little bit young
who I know loves me
because I've stood by his side
for 10 years
even if he's not sexually exclusive.
Then I go be with some
Mr. Nice Guy,
Hold Hands,
Mr. Romantic,
I'm loyal to my wife
and the second he gets
a bit of female attention
he disappears
because that's what they all do.
Those are the ones
who fall in love
with side chicks.
Real G's don't.
So this whole idea
of what is loyalty,
let's break it down.
We're having a conversation
now about loyalty
and how it affects society.
Guys,
over the last five years
you've watched me travel
around the world
building this podcast,
podcasting in nine countries
with over 200 entrepreneurs
and one of the key things
that I've learned
is that every single one
of these successful people
have a playbook.
They have a play-by-play
of how they're going to operate
their life,
their mindset
and everything else
so they can scale.
So they can scale their money,
their business,
their life and everything.
I want to break that down for you.
So what I've done
is I've set up a weekly email
that's going to be going live
week in,
week out,
giving you a play-by-play
of some of these
the most top entrepreneurs
in the world
so you can understand
how they're executing
on their plan
so you can execute on it too.
If this is something
that interests you,
click the link,
sign up to the email below
and that'll be coming out weekly.
Well, we need to be professional
and go back a level.
What is loyalty?
Is a man loyal to his wife
when he's logging into porn every night?
Is a man loyal to his wife
when he wants to fuck something
and can't?
Is he loyal
because his dick doesn't go anywhere
but by her discretion
as opposed to his own?
All these men saying,
I'm loyal to my wife.
You're a fucking dork, bro.
You couldn't get a chick
if your life depended on it.
When your wife leaves you
and you start trying to message
these girls on Insta,
you're going to get blanked.
You're probably messaging them already.
You're loyal to your wife
because no one's replied
to your DMs.
That's not loyal.
You're just failing.
How would you tell them
to change the narrative?
No, but this is what
is so interesting to me.
When you talk to these men
or whenever you discuss
these things
with men who say,
I'm loyal,
they haven't even got any options.
It's like talking to the broke guy.
I'd never buy a Ferrari.
Bro, you have no fucking money.
Nobody cares what you'd buy.
You can't buy one.
So your opinion is irrelevant.
Now, if you talk to all
of the very successful men,
you live in Dubai,
go to Dubai,
go talk to all
of the successful men.
What will they all say?
The same as me
or the same as Jackass
who says he didn't want to be
with one girl's whole life.
A lot of the men
that I speak to
have the ability
to buy a Ferrari.
So if they choose
not to buy one,
it's out of a choice,
not a necessity.
Correct.
The point I'm making
is that if you go
to a place like Dubai
or Miami,
these places where
it's hyper-capitalistic,
you will see a very rich man
with a whole bunch
of pretty girls
on his table.
Every time.
Every time.
You will not see a man
with just his wife.
Maybe you will at dinner
sometimes,
but if he goes to the club,
sometimes,
not all the time,
sometimes,
he'll go on a yacht,
sometimes.
This is life.
This is what successful men do.
This is life.
As a female,
you can make a choice.
You can say,
look,
I want a loyal loser
or I want to share
part of a winner.
I mean,
females have the prerogative.
Women say all the time,
I just want a loyal man
who cares about me.
They're everywhere.
They work in Starbucks.
Go get one.
Go buy a latte
and take Mr. Minimum Wage
and you'll get everything you want.
He'll give you all his time,
he'll give you all his attention
and he'll never cheat
because he can't.
You don't actually want that,
do you?
You want a winner.
Well,
think about the mentality
of a winner.
How do you even win
in the world today?
You win in the world today
by ignoring paradigms,
by ignoring the rules,
by ignoring what the matrix
wants you to do.
You win in the world today
by being assertive,
by being greedy.
You win in the world today
by being the exact kind of person
who can't be told what to do,
does what he wants
and always wants more.
That's how you become a winner.
So you're surprised
that a winner
wants 20 girls on his table.
That's his whole personality.
If he didn't want 20 girls
on his table,
he wouldn't want 20 million
in the bank.
He wouldn't want 20 cars
on the drive
and you wouldn't be with him.
So you almost need
the pursuit of the women
as well
to keep you wanting
to pursue anything else.
I don't pursue women.
I don't pursue women.
I'm on a generational streak
of reproduction.
I'm the repopulator of earth.
I'm going to save humanity.
I don't pursue women.
I don't talk
from my own perspective.
I'm just talking
as an observer.
A lot of people
struggle to do that.
I will sit
and look at a situation
and just talk about
all the different sides.
There's a triangle
and I will talk
from all three points
about what we see
in the middle.
Because you've been
at every level of it.
Well, it's just
how I see it all.
Because you've been broken
not had access
that you have now.
Yeah, correct.
And you've...
And now I've been rich.
And now you've been rich.
Absolutely.
Obviously, being rich
is inherently better.
But there might be people
that listen to this
that are starting out broke.
What would your advice be then
to the people
that are broke
listening to this
or the men
that don't have the access
that you're talking about
right now?
How can they start
to get their access?
How can they start
to get themselves together
so they can have the access?
Yeah.
I mean, you're right.
I've been at all levels of it.
But I also talk
from the female perspective
as I understand it.
So I do my very best.
I think everything
I've just said
is only the tip of the iceberg.
I could talk about this forever,
but it's probably
going to give me enough smoke.
So I'll wait
until I've beaten this case
and we continue.
But to answer your question,
what I'll do
is I'll answer
with a thought paradigm.
I'll answer with a way
that you should construct
your thoughts in general,
which a lot of people don't do.
If you're going to make
a chess move,
you need to look at the board,
which is amazing
that most people
don't ever want
to look at the board.
They need to make a chess move
so they just move.
If you play an amateur at chess,
they'll just randomly
move something.
You'll say,
why did they move it?
Oh, I don't know.
But you can't win that way.
You play a grandmaster,
the first thing he does
is stare at the board.
So it doesn't matter
if you're entering
the dating market
or business
or online anything.
You need to analyze
the grounds, right?
You need to understand
where you're going.
If you're going to go to battle,
the first thing you do
is look at a map
and see the geography.
I'm talking
from a perspective
outside of myself
about the current dating market
in the world we live in.
The dating market in Dubai
is very different
than the dating market
in Nebraska
or Vladivostok
or Japan.
In Japan,
your family
may find you somebody.
In India,
it may be linked
to your caste.
In Dubai,
it's all about the money.
Same in Miami.
In rural Nebraska,
you may have just met
your high school sweetheart.
Who knows?
It's down to you
to look at the board
and then decide
how do I position myself
to try and win this game,
right?
The way I would try
and find a wife in Dubai
is completely different
than the way I'd try
to find a wife somewhere else.
So you'd find a wife in Dubai?
I don't think so.
If I wanted to,
it's a different game.
You have to understand
the board
before you make a move on it.
You and I both know
there are no wives in Dubai.
Well, this is it.
So why?
This is the point.
This is the exact point.
So I wouldn't be trying
to play the wife game in Dubai.
So what game are you playing?
Not the wife game.
Well, that's it.
So there's only two other games
which is hedonism
or reproduction.
And I decided
that reproduction
and perhaps this is Cope.
No, but all of us,
I don't want to make
something very clear
for everybody watching at home.
Every single person copes.
Every single person
rationalizes their own decisions.
Every single person
comes up with a good excuse
in their mind
for why they do
what they're not supposed to do.
Every single person does.
Everybody will go out there
and do something
that they know
perhaps the Bible
or the Quran
says they shouldn't do,
but they'll do it
and they'll rationalize it.
Perhaps I've rationalized
from a skewe saying,
ah, but I'm creating children.
I'm not hedonistic.
I'm creating kids.
I'm a good person.
But am I?
Or do I just want
all those beautiful women
to adore me?
We have to analyze.
I'm being professional.
As a professional,
you have to look
at both sides of the coin.
I think that
at some part
in your earlier days,
there was perhaps a woman
that maybe rejected you
when you didn't have the money,
maybe chose someone
who was richer than you
potentially back in the day
and potentially
you thought to yourself,
do you know what?
I'm going to elevate my character.
I'm going to elevate my status
and when I have the money
and when I have the power,
I'm going to use it
and I'm going to take it
further forward.
Well, I think every man
has been rejected by women.
It's a rite of passage.
No, yeah, exactly.
Of course,
every man's been rejected by women.
I can't say I haven't lost women
because I'm 37
so I've lost hundreds of women.
I don't think
there's one in particular.
However,
every man has been rejected
by women.
That's true.
But you can take that paradigm
and you can apply it
to nearly anything in life.
You become a better fighter
after you get knocked down.
You become richer
after you can't afford to eat.
You become better with women
after you get heartbroken.
That's just the masculine experience
is based within suffering anyway.
You fail at something
and you try again.
That's the masculine experience.
This is why men and women
think so differently
because everything I said
about innocence,
you don't want a woman
to be coarsened.
So you don't want her
to have experience of life
because if she has experience of life,
life is suffering
and life is pain.
If she goes out there
into the world
to experience things
and become knowledgeable
in and of herself,
there's no way she can do that
without becoming harder
and less soft
because the world
is so vicious to people.
So as a man,
you become a better man
by suffering
whereas a woman
becomes a much worse woman
by suffering.
So as a man,
what you actually want to do
is go through so much suffering
that you become
such a fantastic man
that you can find a woman
who's never suffered
and prevent her
from ever suffering.
So I'm going to be called
all the horrible names
for this podcast
but truthfully,
what I'm saying is
a man should suffer
and go through
so much pain and agony
that he becomes
such a fantastic man
that he could find
a woman who's never
had to suffer ever
and ensure she never does.
That's the ultimate
protection and provision.
That's the way
the balance works.
So the scars
make the man better
in a lot of areas
of his life
whereas scars
make women harder
in the emotional element.
Well, scars aren't attractive.
Do men find scars
attractive on women?
No.
Do women find scars
attractive on men?
Yes.
And that's even
in the physical manifestation
of what we just discussed
from a psychological perspective.
So it's literally
just the way it works.
A man used to have
to go away to war
and come back a war hero
to find a wife
who's never been to war.
You don't want a wife
who's been to war.
Nobody wants a wife
who's been to the trenches.
You want a man
who's been to the trenches
and survived.
This is the dynamic, right?
So, I mean,
we look at the Dubai market.
It's very interesting
but you have all these women
out there
with a whole ton of experience.
They're becoming
coarsened by it.
And when I say coarsened,
I'm not saying
they're bad people.
I'm saying it's very hard
for them to fall in love deeply
because they've been
on X amount of boats
and X amount of supercars
slept with X amount of men
on X amount of private jets
X amount of trips
and you're going to come
and pick them up
and you're going to try
and get some genuine emotion
from their hearts
but it's all just been
squeezed dry.
There's nothing left.
It's desensitization
is what's happened.
Completely.
You get desensitized
to a certain level of life
and once you've lived it
and once you've seen it
so many times
at that level.
Even more importantly,
you get desensitized
to the idea
of losing your man.
When a woman loses
her first boyfriend,
it's a heartbreak.
It's Taylor Swift.
It's two years by herself.
In her diary,
it's a big deal.
Women become desensitized
to losing their man.
By the time they lose
their 10th man,
they don't give a fuck
and they're out in the club
the next day
getting a new man
and before you know it,
that's how it goes.
You can call me
every name under the sun.
Let's do a scientific experiment.
How long does it take
a woman to go over
her first boyfriend
compared to how long
does it take a woman
to go over her 10th boyfriend?
Now, I don't think men
are actually like that.
I think men,
if they can truly love
a woman at any level,
you can sleep
with a thousand women
and you cannot give a shit
about number 798
to number 812
and the number 813
you can be obsessed with
and then you can lose her
and be upset about it
and then you can go back
to 814
up to 903
and not give a shit again.
Men,
no matter how many women
we sleep with,
retain the capability
and ability
to fall in love
with the right woman
because we fall in love
via their innocence.
If you give a man,
no matter how many women
he slept with,
a good enough woman,
he will fall in love
with her anyway.
Whereas a woman can't.
If a woman slept
with enough men,
you can give her
the best man
and she will never
fall in love with him
because she's broken now.
The women that I've fallen
in love with in life
are always the ones
that have cost me
the most up.
They teach you a lesson
in that.
There's a lesson in that.
You need a little bit
of heartbreak.
You need a little bit
of emotion in there.
You know what I'm saying?
You know the true red pill?
The true red pill
is that the heartbreak part
is the best part.
That's the real love.
The whole holding hands,
everything's happy,
we're out at dinner
smiling, laughing.
No, that's boring.
The true memory of love,
the actual real fun part
of the love
is the part
where you feel the deepest
and you feel the deepest
when it goes wrong.
And we can apply that
to everything.
That's the funnest part of life.
The funnest part of life.
It's never fun at the time
but in retrospect,
when you want to use hindsight
and analyze your entire life
via the lens of your mind,
when you go back in time,
those bad times
are the best times.
I miss jail.
It was shit.
But now,
me and Tristan
is all we talk about
because you get
a strong visceral emotion
from it.
So it's a happy memory.
There's a few stories
that you're not telling
about jail
There's a lot of stories
I'm not telling about jail.
I might go back yet.
There's a few stories
about female prison guards
that I've heard
that may or should be told
on this podcast.
Guys,
I hope you got value
from this podcast
and if you did,
hit that subscribe button
and turn the bell notifications on.
But guys,
I've got these videos here
that will take you
to a whole new level as well.
So don't sleep on these.
