Apathy is the default state of the human mind. In general, you don't care about very much. You
don't care that there's car crashes all around the world right now. You don't care that people
are dying and getting shot. Maybe if you're told about something and you feel personally invested
in it for some reason to happen in your town, you care. But in general, things happen all the time
and you don't give a fuck. You don't really care. So why does everybody give a fuck and care that
Elon's had another kid? Why the moral grandstanding? Why is everyone upset? Why are all these people
sitting here trying to pretend to be a good person? I'll tell you why. Because when you are a fucking
loser, your only justification for losing is that you're a better person than the winner.
I'm losing at life. And I look at the winners and you can't argue that Elon's a winner. He's running
the fucking government. He's putting fucking rockets in space. You can say, Andrew, you're glazing Elon.
I'm talking objective facts. He's a winner. You are using his platform to tweet to your 83,000
followers. And if you didn't have his platform, if he didn't give it to you, you would be insignificant,
unknown nobody. And you're sitting there insulting the guy because he's a winner. You're a loser.
So your only justification for being a loser is, well, he's a winner and I'm a loser, but I'm a better
person than him because I stick to my morals. I'm a good guy. You know, I only, life only kept me down
because I was doing the right thing. People fuck. I know, I know this is like fucking mind blowing to
you. People have sex. People fuck. Maybe you don't because your wife won't let you, but real G's out
here we fuck every day. We have endless options of women to fuck and they'll all take a baby.
Why wouldn't they? Cause we're winners. I admit I'm biased, right? I've got some vested interest in
this argument because I have multiple baby mamas. I have a whole bunch of baby mamas, a whole bunch
of kids. And the people who don't do that because they can't, not because they don't want to, because
they're not big enough, not strong enough, not rich enough, not enough women will give them
children. We'll sit there and go, ah, you don't raise your kids. Of course I do. You know what's
funny about fatherhood? Fatherhood is measured in quality, not quantity. If you genuinely think
that Elon Musk's future children spending an hour with him a week after he puts rockets in space and
colonizes Mars and hopefully with Trump as the forever dictators of the United States walk around
the oval office and watch him command the planet earth will not be raised properly because they
don't spend 12 hours a day with him. You're an idiot. An hour a day with Elon will teach you more about
how to be a man as a son than 12 hours a day of watching your dad sit around being a fucking couch
potato because most of these dads say, no, you got to be with your kids full time. You don't make an
impact on your children because you're not fucking important because if you were important, you
couldn't be with your kids all full time. You'd be doing something that matters. Men went away to war,
came back with the story. My dad raised me an hour a week. I'm better than all you motherfuckers
who are watching my video. I don't watch yours. I'm the most famous man in the fucking world,
world champion, billionaire. I did all this an hour a week because when my dad came home,
he was the man. When you're a homo all day every day, you're not the man because you have no stories.
You're too busy sipping for your wife. Do you cook dinner together? Is that what you do? Are you a
real man? A real husband? Me and the wife cook dinner together. I'll chop the onions, love. No wonder
your son's a fucking homo. Bro, my sons come here watching beat the shit out of someone. We spar,
we train. I get them in line. They do their fucking katas. They know I'm the boss. Yes, sir. No,
sir. See you next week. Of course, when I say this, losers will, no, that's not how it works.
You've got to be home all the time because your wife wants you home. And a lot of this hate on Elon
and hate on me and hate on Pavel. Don't forget about Pavel. He has over a hundred kids,
owner of Telegram, another good friend of mine. Is that why is it all the famous, rich, billionaires
want to just impregnate endless women and have genetic progeny? And why is it all the brokies
who nobody fucking cares about are sitting at home going, no, you need to love your wife more.
You know what it is? I'll tell you what it is. You are controlled by a woman. And the reason you
are mad at Elon is because he is not. Elon wakes up every day and focuses on his mission,
focuses on saving the government and putting rockets in space. When he sees a female,
like the repopulator 9,000 cyborg, he's like, I can impregnate, boom, baby, on with the mission.
As you should do as a man. I'm the same. I love women. I love children. But I ain't speaking
to a woman unless she's giving me a kid. Well, am I fucking gay? You might hang around with a girl.
The only intention is to get a baby out of her. What the fuck else am I talking to her about? I've got
shit to do. I've got a fucking empire. I want to make money. I want to hang with my brother.
I want to play Smash Bros. I've got shit to do. You think I'm going to sit around with a chick
and do what? Watch romantic movies like you. Chop the onions. Here's the truth of it. When you are
an apex predator, when you are an alpha male, you have to give less of yourself to garner genetic
progeny from a female than if you are a beta male. If you are a beta male, a woman will only have your
kid. If you give up your life to her. She only trusts you enough to give you a child if you're
home every day, cooking dinner with her, being her best buddy, watching movies, snuggling under the
blanket. If you cock hard enough, she'll give you a kid. When you're a real G, please understand.
Gentlemen, I say this without satire. Please understand. I walk in a club. I say to a bitch,
hello, want a baby? Yeah. Because I'm Andrew fucking Tate. You can't do that. So what you
will do is insult me for doing that. Because you have to sit at home and hold hands with your wife.
You're not mad at Elon. You're mad at your wife. You're not mad at me. You're mad at your wife.
You're all mad at your wives because your wives run you. That's the real problem. That's why all
these conservatives hiding behind morality when they're truthfully just cupped losers are upset
that the most rich man on the planet has had another baby. What? You think he ain't going to
pay for fucking diapers? The fuck do you care for? Then you can't afford a kid. You'd have as many kids
as me, double digits, if you could afford it. You can't. That's why you're mad. You can't. And if you
had my money, your wife would tell you, I don't want any more kids. But babe, please, babe. No,
I don't want any more. Buy me a Birkin handbag. Okay. Why? Okay. Okay. After I chop the onions.
Because you're a homo. You're not G enough to play it like Elon or like me or like Pavel.
Have another kid. I don't want one. Safe. You want one? Anyone? Anyone?
I don't want one. I don't want one kid. Safe. Cool. Baby. Bang. All right. Here's your money.
See you once a week. Oh, well, I want to hold hands. No, no, no, no, no. Play Smash Bros.
That's what women are for. Women give life and men rule over it. I only talk to bitches who give me
babies. I ain't talking to no woman for any other reason. They have nothing to say I care about.
I want children. Give me children. That's it. So when I see these fucking conservatives,
kids, you're all just mad that you're unimportant. It's really amazing to me that people do not have
the cerebral capability to look in the mirror and realize that none of you matter. In a hundred
years, they'll remember Elon's name. In a hundred years, they'll remember my name. In a hundred years,
all of our double digit children will still be alive. You are a nobody who only exists on a Twitter
account, which will probably soon be deleted if you keep running your mouths. And when you die,
you and your shit two kids, no one's going to remember you, talk about you. You're not going
to be on the fucking internet. No one gives a shit about any of you, but you have such a strong
opinion on one of the most famous and important men on the fucking planet. All this moral grandstanding
is garbage. You know, conservatives attack me. Andrew, you stuff in webcam business. Andrew's a pimp.
If you've ever watched porn, ever, if you've ever watched porn, you can't be mad at me.
Why are you mad at the man who made the product when you consume the product? I'll tell you why.
I'll tell you why you have your moral grandstanding. Because you can't get your wife to listen to you.
And you're jealous. I got 20 women to obey me and make me money. That's right. Yes, sir. Here's,
yes, sir. Andrew, we love you. A little army of hotties. You could never do that. You could never pull
that off. So you pretend you're morally outraged. You're just a loser and I'm just a winner.
Think I give a fuck about a little bit of Romanian jail? I lived the best life ever. I don't give a
fuck. I don't mean no business. Take me back, judge. So all this moral grandstanding is garbage.
Because you're all jerking off to porn. Aren't you? Don't pretend you never looked. I know. All
bullshit. The ultimate masculine imperative is to become so important that you do not have to
sacrifice your time and energy, wants, and desires to procure children from females. The ultimate
masculine objective is to become so rich, so important, so strong, and so respected that you
get babies from women without the women controlling your life. Whether you like it or not, this is the
truth. You beta males have to sacrifice your life. You have to marry her. Marriage is important.
It's so important because she told me I had to. I believe in it. Then why are you jerking off to
porn when you read the fucking Bible? Shut the fuck up. You're lying. You got married because she
wouldn't get pregnant unless you marry her. So you got fucking stuck with the shit end of the deal
because you're a dipshit. You think I need to marry a bitch to get a fucking baby? You think Elon needs
to marry a bitch to get a fucking baby? You know all of what I'm saying is true and you
can't stand it because Elon having endless kids reminds you you're a loser. Me having endless
kids reminds you you're a loser. Pavel having a hundred kids reminds you you're a loser because
you haven't got enough hours in the day to cuck to your wife, be a man that matters, and find more women to have children with.
Animal Kingdom. I know we're not completely animals but we have some characteristics.
What does the big lion do? He impregnates the women. He sits around under the tree.
It's his territory. That's it. Give me my babies. Bring me something. Bring me some food. Coffee. Two coffees.
You know? What does the beta male lion do? Run around after the women. You see the beta male gorillas grooming the girls.
What does the real G do? Give me a kid. Next. Kid. Beta males are all like, I'll groom you. I'll groom you.
This is just basic dynamics, gentlemen. Do not fall for the moral grandstanding for these fucking dorks because they're nobodies.
Nobodies have a lot of opinions. For some reason, they always have. If they were a bit more humble, perhaps they could do better in life.
If they knew better about life, they'd do better in life. They're all just sitting at home, one or two kids, midwife, chopping onions. Fucking losers.
Elon's conquering the world. He has endless genetic progeny, as I do. If you want to say that makes me a bad dad, my very simple rebuke to that is that I'm Andrew motherfucking Tate.
I change people's lives when they interact with me. When you meet somebody on the street you never met before, their life doesn't change.
When you talk to somebody, their life doesn't change. They'll meet you, and they'll sit with you for six hours, and they'll continue about their life, and they'll go,
Did you meet that guy? Yeah, I think I know him. When I meet somebody for 10 minutes, I met Andrew Tate. I watched all his videos. He changed my life.
Andrew Tate, he changed my life. I started going to the gym. I started making money. Andrew Tate, if I have an impact on motherfuckers I don't even know with a few minutes,
you think I can't have more impact on my children in an hour than a loser like you has full-time?
Don't hate me because I'm better than you. Don't hate me because I can speedrun it. Fucking heroes speedrun shit.
You want to win at life? You got to speedrun it. Get rich quick. Get a baby. Boom. Speedrun fatherhood. Get his little ass. Push him over. Get him up.
Welcome to the real world, son. Boom. Done. And anybody who has a problem with my parenting style, I have a simple challenge for you.
In 15 years, my sons, fight your sons. Come on. You're home all the time. You're chopping onions. You're gonna make them real, man.
I guarantee my kids kick the living fuck out of yours. And the reason I know that is because this is how I was raised.
I saw my dad an hour a week and I kicked the living fuck out of you. In fact, I managed to go from the lowest possible rung on the socioeconomic ladder
to one of the most famous and respected people on the fucking planet. What have you achieved?
With your great parents. What have you achieved? Go and tell me something. Impress me. Fucking nothing.
My kids will kick the fuck out of yours. And I should probably end the video here, but I'm gonna make one more point.
For all the women complaining. Oh, she's not even married a single mother. Women love kids out of wedlock.
Women love it. Women only wanna get married to you if you're a beta man. Women only give demands to the betas.
If she's saying to you, you have to marry me and you can't cheat on me and you can't have other baby mamas, she doesn't respect you.
That's right. Your wife, she doesn't respect you. When she said to you, well, if you cheat, I'd leave. She doesn't respect you.
Because guess what? That same woman, if she met a man she actually respected, she'd be part of this her dream. Guaranteed.
People always say this. Well, sometimes you think you could just sleep with all those silly girls. Not my wife. No. Not your wife. For you.
Because you're a bitch. Your wife would be holding hands with her sister wife, taking D, like all these other girls.
Women love threesomes. They love living in a harem. They love babies out of wedlock. They love all of it. They just don't love it with you.
They love it with me. They love it with winners. Yes, your wife. Yeah, that one. That one who's traditional. That trad con.
Who wants marriage first. She wants marriage first out of you. She wouldn't want it out of me.
Because you're a bitch. And when you talk about like, in the 1950s, in the 1960s, people got married. Everything was traditional.
That's, that's, shut up. You know what happened in the 1950s? A girl who worked in the local diner.
Met a guy who worked in the local diner. Took dick behind the milkshake machine. Got knocked up. Then had to get married.
While the man then had three or four other kids, which they didn't even do a DNA test for. And we don't even know if they were his or not.
And if the wife complained, she got told to shut the fuck up. Like this whole, the world was traditional. And we need to get back to marriage.
It's all gay. And I've made this video before insulting white people. Because white people are the only people who don't seem to get this.
You're being outpopulated. Hello? Hello, white people. You're gonna go extinct because you're too busy listening to women.
Women are in charge of you. The only race on the planet that listens to women are white people.
You think black people listen to women? You think Indians listen to women? Nobody listens to women.
Only white people sit there and go, my wife said we're just gonna have the one. But I want to live in a white nation.
Newsflash, dickhead! If your wife said just the one, get another fucking wife. Get a new bitch. Oh, you can't.
So because you can't, you're gonna pretend you don't want to and that it's bad.
Well, I've been married 28 years.
Wife Jack, homo. People fuck. Kids come to life.
White people need to take more pages out of Elon's book. Get rich, impregnate women.
They're happy. They're paid for. He's happy. He has children. He's focused on his missions instead of sitting around holding some woman's hand.
I'm not done. I'm not done. You know how many men dedicate their lives to their fucking woman?
I see it all the time. I've been sitting with my female, practically ignoring her for six hours as I work. Ignoring her.
And I'm sitting with another couple. And every 10 minutes, he's saying to his wife, you okay? You want a drink or anything?
Checking on the bitch. What are you checking on, bruv? We're supposed to be making money. What are you checking on?
What, she's gonna develop an issue in 15 minutes if you don't check on her?
Fucking get rid of her. Replace her. She's not even pregnant. When's the kids coming?
Oh, well, we're thinking in a couple years we can get married first.
And she said she'll give me a baby if I can provide her a second home and we need another car and a bit more in savings.
So basically she said to me that if I completely enslave myself and make enough money and prove that I'm a good little bitch, that she might allow me to have one or two male children.
You're a fucking loser. You're a fucking... All you conservatives at home, you're all fucking losers.
You can hate me all you want. You're all fucking losers.
Losers! If you were a winner, you'd do what Elon's doing.
Sorry, I just kicked your ass at Diablo. Sorry, my rocket's on the moon. Sorry, I'm busy.
Yeah, give me my 15th child. Sorry. Oh, no, I'm not replying to your text messages. I'm busy at SpaceX.
Oh, you want to pee your pants on Twitter, baby mother number nine? I don't care. Shadow ban.
This is the winner's mentality.
And when I say these things, someone always says, well, if I have kids with endless women, what if she doesn't let me see the kids?
Baby, please, I'm very busy ranting about how many children I'm going to have with other women.
Okay, baby. Bad timing.
It's like, why the fuck do you care if the mother of your children is upset? You know?
It's actually, if I had a girlfriend who was upset and she didn't have kids with me, she could leave or get a new man or whatever.
I mean, I still don't give a fuck because I'm built different.
But once you have my kid, where the fuck are you going to go?
Who's raising little Andrew Tate? Nobody. Nobody, bro.
My face.
My dad's the top G. You're just the one who pays the bills because dad's busy with other women.
No one's raising. Once you have my kid, you're done.
You're done.
If your woman won't let you see the kids, here's a life hack.
Gentlemen, life hack.
Get a new wife who's younger and hotter and have new children and just drop subtle hints.
Like, I know you don't let me see the kids anymore, but that's fine because my new ones are better.
Subtle.
You know?
Sun 2.0 is cooler than Sun 1.0.
So, there's nothing that'll make a woman want you to see her kids more than you having a new family from a hotter bitch.
Then she'll be like, you deadbeat.
You're a deadbeat dad.
You better come see these kids.
Then you get to see all the kids.
Easy peasy.
Easy.
And I know what you white people are going to say because black people, you white people would be like, what if she sues me in divorce court?
Let me tell you something.
If a woman drags you in front of a judge and sues you for all your money, she doesn't respect you.
She already thinks you're a pussy.
You had a kid with her.
She won't let you see the kid.
And now she's going to drag you in front of a judge and say, your honor, he's a bad person.
He hit me.
Me, me, me.
And take half your money because she doesn't respect you.
And the reason she doesn't respect you is because she knows you're not really about it.
I'm going to tell you a real story.
It's a real story from my personal life.
I'm going to open up to you.
One of my baby mothers and I weren't particularly getting along because she found out when her child was born, another child was born only a week later.
And she was all upset.
I was playing Smash Bros with Tristan.
So I wasn't, you know, I don't go to births.
I'm not gay.
Like, it's all paid for.
You're in Switzerland in a luxury eco-hospital.
It's fine.
That's the rest of human trafficking.
So just have to fuck a baby.
All right.
Anyway, she was like, well, I need to make sure we're not going to be together anymore.
I said, that's fine.
That's best case scenario.
Not to be together anymore.
That's fantastic.
That's great.
So you're telling me you're going to raise the kid.
You can do all the work and I just get new baby mamas.
And okay, that's fine.
I'll give you a hundred grand a month, which is the same.
I give all my baby mothers.
You all get a hundred grand a month.
You get to drive around in your little Bentley.
You get a big mansion and you have the children, the little Andrew Tates.
That's the deal.
This silly woman.
Well, if we're not together, why do I only get a hundred grand a month?
Only I'm fucking generous.
I'm nice.
Kids are cheap.
Mothers are expensive.
Kids cost pennies.
It's the mother who wants Gucci.
So I said to her, look, you can be my friend and be rich, or you can go to war with me.
But I promise you, I will burn it all to the fucking ground before you get a penny.
I will be living homeless with Tristan, sitting, drinking out of a bottle of whiskey behind
a trash can, laughing about how you got nothing before I fucking give you more than I want
to give you.
That is a promise to you and to God.
And it's true.
I mean, if you're the kind of person who can have half their wealth stolen by a woman,
you're a dummy anyway.
Hello, trust fund, offshore, boating accident, think outside the box.
DCOP and four different federal agencies have been investigating me for four years.
And guess how much of my money they stole?
Fucking none.
Hello guys, I'm still rich.
Ha, you lose.
You think some fucking mid's going to take it off me?
Fuck off.
You ain't getting my money unless I give it to you.
And I ain't giving it to you unless you're nice to me.
So you have to message me nicely.
Hello, sir.
Thank you for this fantastic, genetically perfect child with your height and muscles
and brain and intellect and bravery.
And thank you for all this money and this big house and this Bentley I drive around in.
Thank you so much, sir.
Do you want any more kids?
That's how you talk to me.
If you say, ah, you better than me, you better than me.
Streets are cold.
You know?
You know?
And I have other children.
If I have to lose a couple, I'm built different.
It's natural selection.
I don't give a fuck.
Because my son will be raised to be 18 and he'll say, Dad, why were we homeless?
I said, because your mother wouldn't shut the fuck up.
Look at all these other children.
Look how I took care of all of them.
I tried to take care of your mother.
She wouldn't shut the fuck up.
Don't hate me.
Hate her.
He'll be 18.
He'll get it by then.
He'll get women a bit.
He'll be like, really?
So you wanted to see me once a week and you wanted to give her a hundred grand a month
and you wanted to train me in martial arts and you wanted to take care
of me and you didn't because my mom wouldn't shut the fuck up.
I'm like, bitches, bro.
Bitches.
She tried to take me to court.
Take me to fucking court.
I will burn this house down before I give it to anybody.
I will burn it down.
And the greatest thing is, women know this about me.
They know it.
In the middle of this argument, the woman in this tale said, you know what, Andrew?
You're right.
I know you'd rather lose everything than give me more than you said you were going
to give me.
Yeah.
My women respect me, bro.
You don't get any of this.
You're probably watching this going, no way.
I'm coming.
I'm coming in a minute.
I'm just watching a video.
No way, bro.
You know what's actually interesting?
Women, it's kind of like a billionaire's club.
You know like you people at the bottom imagine how billionaires act in their little secret
clubs?
Women are so different than you can imagine at the top.
You don't understand.
You've never stood on a stage with thousands of women screaming your name like I did when
I said Escape the Matrix.
You've never had thousands of women sending you love letters each day begging for your
children.
You've never been a global icon.
You don't get it.
You don't get it.
But please, I'm trying to tell you, when you're at the top, women are so much different
than you think.
So much different.
And you're denying it because you don't want to accept that you're just not at the
top.
In fact, most of you watching this, if I wanted your mid, if I messaged your bitch, she'd
leave you.
Luckily for you, I don't want her.
I'll tell you another reason these conservative dorks are mad at Elon.
They sit and talk about conservative values, traditional values, build the world.
False.
You know what built the world?
Kings.
Kings built the world.
And there's never been a part of human time anywhere on the planet where kings do not
have mistresses and concubines and endless children.
This is king business.
It would be extremely asinine to argue that Elon's not currently one of the kings of Earth.
Multiple baby mamas, multiple children.
Trump.
King.
It's hard to say he's not one of the kings of Earth.
Multiple baby mamas, multiple children.
Pavel, who owns Telegram.
Multiple baby mamas, multiple children.
The largest cultural force in the last three years.
Outside of politics.
Andrew Tate.
Multiple baby mamas, multiple children.
This is king business.
You peasants are mad, but it's nothing to fucking do with you.
You're pretending you wouldn't do it because you can't do it.
You're like a broke man.
I don't want a Ferrari anyway.
You can't.
This is king business.
Nobody cares about you and your shit kids.
You are the consequence.
Your lives are the consequences of the king's actions.
Elon decides how much tax you're going to pay.
He decides if you have a voice on the internet.
Elon does.
Trump decides how your life goes.
I influence your children's mind.
Me.
Not you.
Not you, super dad.
Me.
Your kids love me more than they love you.
We're kings.
This is king business.
You don't get it.
And the funniest thing is, Elon having children only highlights the fact that he's a king and you're not.
That's why you're mad.
You don't care that Elon had a kid.
You're mad that a king is doing king shit in your face because it reminds you you're not a king.
And it pisses you off.
And then what you do is say,
Well, those kids are going to be raised only an hour a week because he has so many.
If his kids are going to fail so badly, riddle me this.
Who succeeds the king?
Because it seems to me like the sons of the kings are going to be ruling your shit kids in about 30 years from now.
So who really wins?
The king is succeeded by his offspring.
Your kids are going to succeed you.
As a fucking peasant.
As a fucking nobody.
And you're going to sit there at the bottom.
And Elon's son and Trump's son are going to run your kid's life.
So who the fuck are you to complain that he's having endless progeny when this progeny will rule your bloodline.
As will mine.
Those are the Tate boys.
The Tate boys.
What?
Andrew Tate's kids?
Those are Andrew Tate's sons?
Yes.
Because I'm a king.
You wouldn't get it because you're a fucking peasant.
All my baby mamas knew what they were getting into when they got with the big G.
They knew.
They knew.
Tristan the same.
They knew.
They knew.
All those rules women have are for men like you.
They're not for the winners.
Your wife who you love so much.
She definitely had a threesome.
It just wasn't with you.
My wife wouldn't have a threesome.
Oh yeah, she did.
It just wasn't with you.
She did already.
It just wasn't with you.
It was with men like me.
Because women love that shit.
And they love babies out of wedlock.
In fact, there's nothing a woman wants to hear more from a man than I'll get you pregnant.
If you're a winner.
I mean, if you say that to a bitch.
She's like, what the fuck?
No.
I don't even know you.
If I say that, she'll be like, really?
Promise?
Yes, bitch.
I promise.
