It took a while. It took a while for the case to be dismissed. Andrew, Tristan, how are you guys?
Yeah, it did take a while. And although this should have been a certain outcome, when you understand that we were innocent all along, when you're going through a, and I say this respectfully, second world judicial system, and you've been screwed so many times, of course you start to think, is this a setup? Is this fair at all?
Well, it seems eventually a judge read it and said, there's not even enough evidence here to take these boys to trial, so what's this file doing here? And threw it back to the prosecutor, which was a relief, but yeah, it's taken a very long time, and we've paid a very heavy price.
What happens next? Maybe explain to the audience, people that haven't been following through in recent months, what does this exactly mean? What happens after the case is being pushed back to prosecutors? Because didn't that happen already in November?
Yeah, so I'm not going to claim to be an expert on the Romanian judicial system, even though I've been experiencing it. I don't speak Romanian natively, so you can imagine my predicament. I'm being dragged in and out of court, standing in rooms where a language I don't understand is being spoken, and I'm being instructed to go to jail, or stay in my house, or X, Y, Z for years.
I've been asking the American embassy for help, but they were completely uninterested. There's rumors it was actually the State Department and the UK Foreign Office that instructed DCOT in the first place to make all of this happen, which might explain a lot.
Or maybe I'm just not black enough and not gay enough to get help, I'm not sure.
But what basically effectively happened is, we were arrested two years ago, and we were arrested on a garbage case with no evidence in it, and their intention was to put us in jail and find evidence and build their case after we were jailed.
So it's much easier with a much lower barrier of proof to raid someone's house and lock them up and say they may have done something than find somebody guilty of something, especially in a country like Romania.
So they put together a bunch of pieces of paper, which basically showed our money.
I mean, we were sitting in front of judges, and the judges were just saying, oh, he has lots of cars and has lots of money, he probably did something wrong.
It's just the attitude here. It's the communist mindset.
And you're sitting in front of an 85-year-old judge who doesn't know what social media is, she doesn't know what YouTube is, she doesn't know what Rumble is,
you're trying to explain you make your money online, and she's like, yeah, but DCOT said you're a bad guy, and you have a Lambo, you're probably a bad guy.
So we went to jail, and then we were released on house arrest, and they tried to build this case, and there was very little to find.
I really truthfully thank God, it's amazing how if you do the right things, they come out in the end,
because there's been so many leaks throughout this process where the prosecution and DCOT themselves have illegally spoken to media
or their liberally funded NGOs trying to slander our names and leak things that make us look bad,
which were heavily manipulated and edited, by the way.
They'd edit WhatsApp conversations, they'd cheat, they'd lie, but they didn't find anything real.
If I had an ounce of weed in my house, if I took steroids, if any of my ex-girlfriends turned on me,
if I had ever watched a bunch of crazy porn, anything, it would have leaked, but we're so squeaky clean,
there was literally nothing to find. We literally just work and train. We're pretty simple men.
So they threw this indictment to court, and they knew that the first indictment was weak.
So when they put it in, way back last summer, when they put the indictment in,
they split the file and started a second file from the first file as a backup file.
And if you'll remember, last, about six, seven months ago, I was arrested again from my house
based on this second file. And the reason they did all this is they basically had six months
to charge us with the indictment and couldn't find evidence.
So after six months of jail and house arrest, on the very last day that they could
officially submit the indictment, they did. They split the file so they can continue to
investigate us. And from there, we started to fight the first indictment. And we were going
through a process called the preliminary chamber. And the preliminary chamber is to make sure that
the evidence was gathered legally. And what I've been doing this whole time is going to the
American embassy and saying, I don't want special treatment. I don't want to be saved by America.
I don't want to be pardoned. I've done nothing wrong. All I want is the Romanians to follow their
own laws. I'm not asking for anything special. I'm asking for a fair shot under the law. And the
American embassy was completely uninterested in helping me or saying they had no power to help me,
which of course is false. And we kept losing in court. DCOT broke a lot of rules to put this
indictment together. And from my understanding, and this is speculation, the way it traditionally
works in Romania is the DCOT will break a bunch of procedural laws to catch a drug dealer, but then
they get the drugs at the end. And they basically say to judges, okay, we broke all the laws, but here's
the drugs. And they kind of get away with it. But in our case, they never got that payoff.
So they had illegal warrants, illegal surveillance, falsified conversations. They didn't allow us to
legally represent ourselves in hearings we were supposed to be in. They didn't give us translated
documents, which is illegal. They didn't give us time to read documents. There was documents in the
file that we never saw. Like they broke 111 pages of laws, my legal team found. And when we went to
court for the preliminary chamber to say, look, they've broken 111 pages of laws, the judge said,
that's fine. No problem that they broke all those laws. We'll fix it later. And sent it to trial.
This was three, four months ago. And my legal team sat me down. They said, we've never seen this before.
We have never seen a judge just allow a broken file like this on this level to go forward.
And I said to my legal team, this is a matrix attack. This is a setup.
This is designed to not only damage my influence, but I'm going to end in jail.
And my brother and I resigned to the idea of going to jail. We appealed that decision to go to a higher
court, which is the decision we just got now. We appealed to go to a higher court. I'm not saying
it's related. I don't know. Donald Trump wins. And then the Romanians instantly start following the
law. And the judges said, ah, this whole indictment's illegal. All of the evidence you collected was
illegal. The house search was illegal. Stealing all of his cars and all of his things was illegal.
The statements that you gathered were illegal. The psychological reports were illegal. You didn't
do anything legally. Everything here was a stitch up. And the goal was to throw him in jail and find
something to stick. And you couldn't. And they gave the file back to DCOT and said, you have five
days to fix the file. That's what happened a few weeks ago. But of course, how do you fix a file
which is completely falsified from head to toe? You can't. So DCOT replied to that request with,
we don't think it needs fixing. We think it's fine. Effectively. Which is extremely arrogant
to say to a judge. And then the judge today said, no, it's not fine. The case is closed. Case dismissed.
You've broken his right to defense in every single step of this process and thrown the entire first
file out. I still have the second file hanging over my head because the second file, which they
arrested me for in summer, they tried to put me back in jail. And a judge said, no, there's not
enough evidence to even jail him preventative preventatively here. So the second file has
already been 90% thrown out because that's a bunch of garbage as well. But that's still currently the
only reason I can't leave Romania. The first file is finished. I have no charges against me. I have
no travel ban against me. All of my assets should be returned. And I have to now go and beat this
second file. And if they stick to the law, it will be very quick process. But I have just been
flabbergasted at every stage of this, how simple laws have been violated and broken by DCOT. And they
seem to just get away with it the entire way through. It's truly remarkable. So the first case has been
dismissed. The second case, do you know when you'll get a response regarding that? So what we're talking
about here, a lot of Romanians have said to me that although justice shouldn't work this way, now that
everybody knows the first file is garbage, and Romania public knows it's garbage, and the news is saying
it's garbage, and everyone's saying you're innocent, and the judges know, the second file is going to
disappear quickly, although they shouldn't be officially linked. But the second file is actually a lot
weaker than the first file, because it couldn't even put us in preventative detention. Remember, with the first file,
we got three months in jail, with the second file, we got 24 hours in jail, and they let us out. So the second file is a lot
weaker. So there's a lot of things that DCOT can do now, because effectively, their case has been dismissed. But by
Romanian law, they can start the first file again, if they so choose. They can start it all over. That means three years
of works down the pan. I mean, they can't find evidence of something that doesn't exist, but they can start it over. So DCOT can
either forget the first file, indict me on the second file, because I'm yet to be indicted, and try and push forward
with that, but they know they won't get a conviction. They can try and mix the two files together, hoping to muddy the
water and saying, okay, the first one was illegal, but we're going to add it on top of the second one. And the primary
objective of that is just to give a judge 10,000 pages to read. If they give judges large binders full of paper, which is what the
Romanian state traditionally does. I don't know if you guys remember when I was in jail, there was pictures
of huge binders of evidence. But it's just translations of all of my YouTube videos, translations
of my emergency meetings, all of my tweets I've ever tweeted, schematics of my house. It's just, it's not
evidence. It's just garbage. But a judge has to read it. So they might mix the two files together just to delay
me leaving another four or five months, because a judge has to sit and read 125,000 pages of junk.
So that might be another thing they do. Or if they have any kind of honor, they'll just drop the second
case and not indict me at all. But I'm not sure if this was, I mean, in fact, I have to be very careful
what I say, but I am pretty sure, and I'm going to be brave and say that the UK foreign office and the
secretary of state, the state department had a lot to do with this. Now that that's changed in America,
or is going to be changing soon, I'm not sure if they're going to be pressuring DCOT to go forward
with this second file. But also, these prosecutors' jobs are on the line now. So they have vested
interest in trying to damage me. So I don't really feel relieved. I feel like another house raid's
coming, truthfully. I feel like these people just do whatever they want. They feel no recourse.
So I don't know what's going to happen with this second file, but that's the reason I can't
currently leave. If they didn't attack me with the second file, I would already be on a plane.
And in terms of the involvement from the U.S. embassy, has anything changed? Is the person
responsible there that you're speaking to, has he changed yet since Trump's win?
No, it's the same guy. So I'm not going to insult the guy. He was very friendly.
Oh, yeah, but you know, nothing we can do. Yeah, it seems like it sucks. Sorry, bro.
I mean, I'm not the guy. He was very uninterested. He was very much like we can't do anything.
I said, I don't believe that America being the power it is, with NATO stand being the power it
is, with Romania being as influential as it is in your war with Ukraine, with the biggest NATO base
in history being built here, with the fact that when an American killed two Romanians a few years
ago in a knife fight, he was out of the country in 24 hours. The fact you can get Brittany Garner
out of Russian jail. I don't believe you can't send a letter to DCOT and say, follow the law.
That's all I want. I don't want a pardon. I just want the law. Every single person listening to this
should only want a fair chance under the law, surely, in any country you're in. All I wanted was Romania
to respect its own laws. That's all I've been asking for the whole time. The second a judge does that,
it's instantly thrown out. But the American embassy was just saying, no, we can't even tell them
to follow their own laws. I was like, well, how does that work? It was extremely confusing.
But at the time, obviously the Dems were in power and it depends if you want to be conspiratorial.
But I had a massive influence over the masculine youth, massive influence. And there's also some
other elements I'm going to make clear here. Things I've not said before, because I've only told
20% of this story, but there's a whole bunch of conflicting, confusing elements to my case.
The fact that when Hunter Biden was in Romania, he enjoyed the company of girls as men do. And one of
those girls ended up on a table that we were at in a nightclub. And that launched an SRI file into us,
which is a Romanian intelligence SRI. And they followed us for a year for that. I didn't find
that out until I was already in jail. And it was in my documents that they've been following me for a
year. So you have to understand if the deep state are doing whatever they're doing in Ukraine and
Romania, and the son of the president is hanging around a girl, and that girl knows us, and we're the
biggest voices online, which are anti-American, of course, they're going to follow us and think,
is this girl talking to them? Or do they know something? So there's a whole bunch of confusion
around this. But for some reason, America was just like, leave him to the dogs. And the dogs were
very emboldened. To attack an American citizen the way they have is something Romania has never done
before. I can't confirm they got the green light. But for them to do what they did, unabashedly and
unafraid, is extremely uncharacteristic. Romania would never do that to an American citizen without
feeling the force of their American embassy. So the fact that they just decided to go
hells to the, just to go balls to the wall, and to just throw out all legal procedure and do
anything it takes to get me off the internet, is very, very strange. So we're going to have to see
now, now obviously the first case has been thrown out, we're going to have to see how quickly this
second case progresses. But I'm in the unfortunate predicament, unless America still tell Romania to
follow their laws, unless they tell Romania that they're being watched, that they can still keep
me travel banned for years more. They can relaunch the first file, they can put me on a travel ban,
they can waste more of my time, they can mix the files together. I mean, they can waste my time for
years here, without me ever seeing jail probably, because they don't have enough to convict me, but
they can certainly waste my time. So it's very, very interesting to predicament I'm in, because to this
day I've still never been convicted of a crime in my life. And also, what's interesting is, I'm
currently not even charged with a crime, the second file hasn't even indicted me, so I'm currently
uncharged, but I'm trapped. Okay, and you said 90% of the allegations, if they're not charges, what do
you call them in the second file, if they haven't even charged you, just allegations? Yeah, so the second
file, they put together this big file, they raided my house for the fourth time, they stole all of my
wealth again, they stole all of my cars, all of my money, all of my gold, all of my watches, stole
all of my electronics, stole everything they can, they put me in front of a judge and said that I'm
guilty of all these insane things, human trafficking of 38 people. On that list of 38 people, by the way,
are my gardener, my house cleaner, the mothers of my children. Like, it's just, it is the most laughable
bullshit story. Any female I knew was a victim of me, somehow, because I had transferred the money.
Well, yeah, of course I transferred my gardener money. Of course I give the mothers of my children
money. And then they charged me, all of us with money laundering, all of it human trafficking,
complete bullshit. The judge sat down, when we had been in jail for 24 hours, deciding whether we did
preventative detention or not, and said, for most of these people, there's not even a slight suspicion
of a crime. I don't even understand what this is. This is garbage. But unfortunately for me, I guess,
because I make large sums of money, they said, ah, the money laundering charge, maybe. Well,
why maybe money laundering? Well, because I'm unfortunate that in a country like Romania,
they see bank statements in the millions. It's a crime. That's just how it is here. They're like,
ah, he has lots of money. He probably stole it. So that's why I even got house arrest or any kind
of judicial control at all. So they're investigating this. And then they've told ANAF, which is the Romanian
tax authority to tax audit me. They've come back saying I owe them a bunch of money, which of
course is garbage. And it's just endless lawfare. It's just one thing after another, just drumming
up files, just anything it takes. They are choosing the exact crimes and the exact procedures that
prevent me from leaving. They just don't want me to leave Romania. That's what their number one
concern is, is that I leave Romania because then they know this shit's over. And what's interesting
is this, and I want everyone at home to understand this. If the judge has decided there's not enough
evidence to send this to trial, that means there wasn't enough evidence to raid my house. There
wasn't enough evidence to put me in jail. There wasn't enough evidence to steal my wealth. There
wasn't enough evidence to prevent me from seeing my mother when she had a heart attack. There wasn't
enough evidence to isolate me from my children. The media smear that I've endured for the last three
years has been monumental and it doesn't come without consequences. And all of this has been
done off a complete lack of evidence. People talk about the process being the punishment.
If I wasn't the person I am who was preparing for these things, pre-arrest saying that I feel like
something's going to happen to me. These last three years, technically I've made no money.
I've had no access to my money. All of my banks are frozen. I've had no car. I mean, how was I
supposed to live and feed my family and take care of myself for these three years? How was I supposed
to even pay for a legal team? The primary objective was for me to just die, I guess. I mean, it's a
miracle I've even survived at all. The lawfare is absolutely brutal. And they're just printing new
pieces of paper out of a Xerox to fuck my life with no recourse and no fear of an American embassy
saying enough is enough. And it's, it's very, very remarkable that I'm in this situation.
Part of me is truly relieved because, you know, my brother and I spoke about this at length and
please excuse me if I'm rambling or I'm ranting, but my brother and I spoke about this at length.
And I said, even if the system is corrupt, even if it is all a setup in all systems, there's good
people. There must be one good judge. Like we've seen 50 judges by now. There must be a good judge
who just cares about the law and we couldn't seem to find them. But then all of a sudden we did.
Imagine giving a piece of, imagine giving a piece of paper to a judge and a judge says,
you're guilty. You're going to trial. And then giving the same piece of paper to another judge.
And they say, there's no evidence at all. How does that even happen? It's the same piece of paper.
How can you have the same file and two completely different rulings based on the same law,
the same constitution in the same country? Like imagine that two plus two is five, two plus two
is 10. It's truly incredible. So we were holding out for an honest judge and it looks like we got
one, but being brutally honest, my brother and I had resigned to the idea. We're going to spend 15
years in the worst jail in Europe because we just didn't feel like we had a chance. But now the case
has been thrown out. Why that's happened, how that's happened, all these moving pieces behind the
scenes, what DCOT's next moves are going to be, what happens with the second file? What happens
if they try and restart the first one or launch a third? I don't know. I'm just a feather in the
wind here doing my very best. And I made a decision at the beginning of this because when I was first
arrested, I was told by everybody, do not talk bad about the state. This is Romania. You cannot talk
bad about the state. If the institutions are looking to be embarrassed, they would rather lock you up in
innocent. Shut up. And I made a conscious decision to not shut up because I was prepared to go to jail
and people know I was being unfairly treated and I'm innocent as opposed to walk with disdain because
I don't want the last name Tate tarnished. I refuse to have that happen. I'll do 10 years if everyone
knows I've done nothing wrong. I'm not a coward and I'm not afraid, but I refuse to just shut up and take a
little plea deal on the sly and bounce like Hunter Biden with a pardon or some bullshit and everyone
know I'm a scumbag. I didn't want that. So I took the most risky route in the first place, which is
just to tell the truth from the very beginning that this is all a setup. And the fact it's now
looking like it might pay off for me is truly remarkable. When you call it a setup, I've asked
you that question in previous discussions, but it was a pretty tricky time to answer it. Can I ask you
the question now? Are you in a better position to answer why you think they did this? What is the reason
that you're facing this lawfare? Well, all wars in the world are a battle for influence.
It doesn't matter if it's a cold war or a hot war. The reason there's a war in Ukraine right now or a
war in Gaza or a war in Syria, the reason bullets fly is so that somebody can get control of a
geographical area and influence that area. They want to tell people what currency to use, what things to
think, what religion to be, who to respect, who their leader is, what roads to drive on. That's what
wars are. And I became monumentally influential. It wasn't a hot war with bullets, but I was fighting
against the Matrix in a time where they had complete control. And I managed to become extremely well
known and notoriously famous amongst young men, which is the primary demographic they need to
sigh up the hardest. They need young men to go be the backbone of the slave force. They need young men to
go die in a ditch for some imaginary war. I was waking young men up, which is what they're most afraid of,
because when women get mad, it's annoying. When men get mad, it's a revolution. And they didn't want me
talking against the Matrix agendas. It was a battle for influence, and they had to get rid of me. I was too
influential online. Too many people knew who I was. Typically, when you get famous, and I've explained this in a
video before, but for anyone listening, when you get famous, you are gatekept along the way. If you get famous
inside of an NBA team, if you talk too much truth, you lose your contract. If you get famous on YouTube and you
talk too much truth, they just delete you from YouTube. And all these YouTube celebrities are not
actually unique and interesting in their own merit. You only know who they are because they're put on
the front page because they're pushed to the front by YouTube, and they're only pushed to the front
because they say what they're supposed to say. If you're a music artist and you tell the truth,
you lose your contract. If you're an actor and you tell the truth, you're not in movies.
They can stop you talking. I became famous by leapfrogging all of these gatekeeping
mechanisms. And they tried to delete me from everything, and it didn't work.
So then they came along and offered me $50 million and a sponsorship contract as long as I
adhered to certain brand guidelines. Effectively, shut up. And I turned that down. And I've explained
this on a video, which I'll retweet at the end of this, explaining exactly how the process works.
But I had huge, I was the most Googled man on the planet speaking to the number one demographic
they're most afraid of, who they couldn't gatekeep, couldn't get rid of, and rejected their money.
So what comes after that? Shut him up. And how do you shut someone up? Well, you either put a
bullet in their head. If they're refusing to bow to the intimidation like I did, you either put a
bullet in their head or you put them in jail. So all of a sudden, I got an inkling that after I
turned down the 50 mil, I said to Tristan, we have problems coming up. And I started saying on every
single podcast, they're going to put me in jail. Don't listen. Don't listen. What's actually most
disheartening is that when it happened, even though I predicted it, even though I told the truth,
even though COVID had just ended, even though the media has done nothing but lie to everybody at home,
everything they tell you is a lie, people still believed it. And I was sitting in jail flabbergasted
that anybody would believe a word these fucking clowns say without seeing any evidence. To this day,
nobody listening to this has seen a beat up girl, a bruise, a mark. I thought I was a human
trafficker. Who? Nobody has seen it because it doesn't exist. And the media just spits garbage.
And I guess there's a huge percentage of the populace who just hate you so much. They want
it to be true. So they don't care if it's not true because they want it to be true. You have those
people and then you have people who believe it, which is truly remarkable to me because I don't believe
the single thing the fucking news says. And I told everyone this was going to happen.
And their primary objective was to put me in jail. And I really do believe, again, I have no proof of
this. If Trump had lost and Satan in a wig got in, then I'd probably be rotting 15 years in a jail
cell. I believe they would have given me jail before they killed me. I don't think I'm on my third life
yet, but I definitely would have caught a nice long stretch. It's only after he won everything,
one aid. I don't know why Romania started to follow the law instantly after that. But Romania has also
overthrown their own election after Trump's win. So I'm not saying that Romania is perfect. After
Trump's win, they just had an election. I don't know if anyone knows this. And the guy who won it
is anti-war. And then they said, no, the election doesn't count. Do it again. Which is completely insane.
I think only Myanmar and Kazakhstan have ever done that before in history. So we have Myanmar,
Kazakhstan, and Romania now. So I'm not entirely sure what's going on. All I'm doing is my very
best turning up to court and telling the truth. And the truth is that you can't arrest a man who
has children with women and saying that those women are human trafficked. We have a child.
It's completely insane. You mentioned something, I don't know if you've mentioned it before,
about Hunter Biden. Did you say that a girl that Hunter Biden was hanging out with
was on your table? And then afterwards, Romanian intelligence were investigating you?
That is what I said. Correct.
How many more stories like this do you have, man, that you'll be sharing once you're free?
Oh, I have plenty. And that's what's scary. I mean, you're in a nightclub, there's girls on your
table, you don't know who they are. And you catch a one-year surveillance op.
How did you find out about it?
When I first got arrested, in my initial file, the details on all of that were inside of the
initial file when I was first arrested in jail. So it's, yeah, I mean, it's a scary predicament
to be in. I mean, I think if anyone at home listens to this, I think most people at home
understand how unfair American courts can be. Imagine going through the American judicial system
and what they've just done to Elon stealing all his money, not allowing him to pay out from
Tesla or what they did to Trump in New York or what they tried to do to Daniel Penny or
this is the American system. Imagine the Romanian system. I'm not insulting the country and I'm
not, I'm certainly not trying to give any kind of disrespect to the judge who did the right
thing. I'm just saying, imagine what happens in a Romanian judicial system. It's, it's absolutely
insane. And it's insane because your name can be passed to a prosecutor in whatever
country, including America. Someone can just say your name to some guy in an office. And
from that point onwards, your life is effectively over. They're going to investigate you. They're
going to look into everything you've ever done. They're going to find something you did
in high school, or they're going to find an ex-girlfriend who dislikes you, or they're
going to find some weed you smoke, or they're going to find something. They're going to find
some fireworks you bought in Tennessee and you drove across to Alabama and the ATF is going
to raid your house. And at gunpoint, they're going to lock you up for transporting
explosives. You're going to catch 15 charges and you're going to have to pay for legal bills
and you're going to lose your job. And this is all while you're still innocent. You're
going to be on bail. You're going to be bankrupt. They're going to slander you in the news.
They're going to call you a terrorist. All of these things are happening when you've yet
to be convicted of a crime. That's in America. I'm in Romania. And a lot of people are asking
me, well, then what were you doing in Romania? And I tried very hard to stay out of Romanian
politics for that very reason. I'm not stupid. I'm living in Romania as one of the most
influential men in the world. I understood how things operate in Eastern Europe politically.
I didn't support any political parties. I didn't choose any teams. I didn't discuss the Romanian
politics. I didn't discuss the president. I didn't talk about these things. And then
the Ukraine war starts and NATO Stan has to clamp down on who has influence over populations.
Romania becomes one of the most important places on the planet because of its access to
the Black Sea. A brand new military base is getting built here. And they just decided to
clean up, I guess. I don't know. Before you know it, I'm in handcuffs. It's incredible.
What happens to the extradition for the charges in the UK?
Yeah. So then the UK's jumped in now. So when all this Romanian crap started, UK thought it
would have a try. Now, the UK foreign office was heavily involved in convincing D-Calt to come
at me at all. I mean, we all know how UK think about striking Russia with its storm shadow missiles,
etc. So the UK don't like me anyway. And it is very saddening. I'm going to say this. It's very
sad to have your host country betray you. I grew up there and they betrayed me. And members of
parliament talk about me as the worst man in the world. Not the people who are stabbing everyone on
the street. Not the knife crime epidemics. Not the drug epidemics. Not the house break-ins. Not the fact
that old age pensioners are freezing to death. Not the fact that police don't even turn up to it when
you call them. No. I'm the worst man in the world. Because boys were saying, I want a bouquet. And
somehow I have to be banned from schools. And I'm the devil. And I'm the worst man ever. And members
of parliament are standing up saying, I should go to jail. Then the UK authorities came after me.
As you know, yesterday I lost a tax ruling, which I should never have lost. And they stole
21 million pounds of my money. They just took it and said, ah, you didn't pay tax. Well,
here's my entire tax structure. I didn't pay tax. I'm a rich person with a complicated tax
structure like every other rich person on the planet. There isn't a single rich person
who doesn't have a complicated tax structure. Starbucks, Nike, billionaires, everybody has
a complicated tax structure. You know it is. Why did you just steal all my money? They just
took it and said, get over it. So there's that. And then they've also said, ah, if Romania
fails, we want him. And they want my brother and I, because they say in 2011, my brother
and I supposedly did something in England. It's interesting because we were arrested again
in Romania to be extradited from Romania to UK to face these crimes. But the Romanian court
said, we're not going to let him go until he finishes his problems in Romania. On the arrest
warrant, it said, Andrew Tate, 2011 sexual battery and ABH. Tristan Tate, 2011 sexual battery
and ABH. So by coincidence, they found two girls. If these girls exist, one for me, one
for Tristan, both of them from 15 years ago, no dates, no names, no locations. I can't comment
on it. If I told you in 2011, you got a 2011 sexual battery, you'd be like, what, where,
who, when? I don't even know what they're talking about. Whole thing's a fugazi. It's
all made up garbage. And they're saying that when I complete Romanian proceedings, I have
to go to England, which of course I will do because I'm a law abiding citizen. But who knows
how quickly that's going to happen? So I don't even know what England wants. I don't even
know what they're talking about. I know it's a matrix attack. I know that there's no way
they've genuinely found two girls, one for me, one for my brother, both of them 15 years
ago, both of them the same crime and refusing to give any details on it without it being
a matrix attack. I know it's a setup. Sure. What's inspired them is I guess they lost faith
in the Romanian system because it was taking so long and they desperately wanted to get
rid of me. Also very interesting. They tried that arrest just before Trump's election.
Maybe they didn't want me online. I don't know, but there's a lot happening that doesn't
make any sense here. So you could say to any man listening to this 15 years ago, a girl
said you punched her. Who? Dunno. When? Dunno. Where? Dunno. Jail. What? What are we even
talking about? The whole thing reeks of what it actually is. And anyone with a brain functioning
understands that I have been targeted specifically because of my influence online and because they
see me as a threat to their control over young men. They want young men to die in wars.
They want young men to work jobs and pay slave wages and never be upset with the fact that
nobody gives a fuck about them. They don't want young men to think for themselves. They
see me as a problem and they want to get rid of me. And that doesn't make me a conspiracy
theorist because you can now Google with your own eyes and find 15 different instances of
members of British Parliament saying I'm a problem who needs to go away. They say it openly
in Parliament. And then I catch these charges? It's insane.
Do you trust the, considering what happened with Tommy Robinson recently, as you know,
we interviewed him, I think a few days before he went to jail. Do you trust the British legal
system more than the Romanian?
If I had to be conspiratorial, I would argue that what's happened here in Romania,
because when I was first put in jail, sorry to backtrack, but I was in jail with people who had
been in jail for two or three years without a trial. And they were telling me, you're cooked.
You're here for years. You're not getting out, which was quite damaging to my psyche to understand
that I'm now just yanked from my house. And without a trial, I'm going to spend years in
this hole. I mean, jail without trial is the worst thing a government can do to a man besides kill
him. So within the confines of the law, it's the worst thing a government can even do to a man.
And I was sitting in Romanian jail expecting to be there for years because I was there for years.
I was there with men who had been there for years, who'd never had a trial. This is much like Syria,
picked up off the street, thrown in jail. So when I got let out after 92 days, that's where I came up
with the theory of believing that you just need one good judge and that not the whole system's
corrupted. You just need one good judge. And if you keep going through the lottery, you might just find
a good one. That's where I came up with that theory. My argument would probably be that the UK
in America instructed Romania to get rid of me. Corrupt prosecutors who want a promotion,
one of them, by the way, the head prosecutor in my case has been promoted. I don't know if you know
that, but he's been promoted now. So the corrupt prosecutors who wanted promotions take it on,
not caring for the truth. And then they try and screw me. But it's actually because I was very
liked in Romania. I'm very known here. I'm known globally, but especially in Romania, everybody loves
me. Everyone on the street loves me. I give money to charity. I have a dog shelter. Everyone loves
me. I go to the churches, love me. I go to give money to the churches. I give money to, I give
money to everyone. Everyone adores me here. I've had no problems on the street, no negative things.
The police love me. The police said sorry when they raided my house. Nobody has a problem with me.
So I'm in my theory, and I have no evidence for this, is actually that Romania, although it hurt me,
saved me. One half of Romania was corrupt, but the other half of it actually likes me and sticks
to the law, and they're the ones who let me out of jail and have now thrown the case out.
That's what I would believe. I would argue that in the UK, nobody likes me inside of the
political establishment. Inside of the Romanian political establishment, my views on masculinity
are not extreme, because everybody knows they're true. It's how the world was only 10 years ago
before everyone lost their minds. So over here saying a man should drive the car and protect
his woman, it's not controversial. Nobody cares. It's not politically charged. So I would argue
that the Romanians who like me are the ones who have let me out, and the corrupt ones have
chased the bag, which is fine. But inside of the British political establishment, I don't
think anybody likes me, because I am, of course, the worst man in the world by their own deduction.
So I actually feel like I have a worse chance in British court than I do in Romanian court.
I feel like that would actually be more of a setup.
What was the number you mentioned to me in Romania regarding die-court's success rate?
It was above 90%, wasn't it?
98.5% success rate. So when die-court indicts someone, 98.5% of the time they go to jail.
And they couldn't even get us to a trial. Please understand, the only thing better than
not guilty is there's not even enough to try this man. That's better than a not guilty.
A not guilty is we try him, he didn't do it. They're saying we don't even have enough
evidence to take this to a trial, which is even better. And die-court has a 98.5% conviction
rate. And after three years with two files, an unlimited resource, they can't even put together
enough of an indictment to get it in a courtroom, which is actually testament to my absolute
innocence in all things. It's actually testament to how clean a person I am. If I'm this bad
person everyone says I am, why am I not in jail? Most people on the street, if they went
through what I've been through, would be in jail. If the police try that hard, they will
find something. But with me, there's literally all I do is work and train and see my kids.
I don't do anything. I don't take drugs. I don't drink. I don't do anything. They must
have been very disappointed in my life. So I actually, you know, as much as the Romanian
system is scary, facing the British system with such an obvious setup and hit job is
once again going to be scary because I believe the political establishment have it in for me.
Assange was in a British jail. Like we can talk all about law and order all we want. Law
and order and judges and courts, all of these things work at surface level. If you steal
bread from Tesco and they catch you, you go to court, you might go to jail, you might not.
That's how the law system works. Once you're very famous, once you're very well known, it
all becomes political and a show trial. It has to be because there's too much vested interest.
Nobody cares about the man who stole bread. Everyone cares about Elon's case. Everyone cares
about Trump's case. Everyone cares about my case. So now there's public perception. There's
other factors involved. Do we want to look wrong as a country? Do we want to look wrong
as a nation? Will this cause us problems if we let him walk? There's other considerations
besides, is he innocent or guilty? Innocent and guilty actually goes second to a whole bunch
of other considerations. And if those other considerations take paramount, it's nothing to do with innocent
and guilty anymore. It's just to do with whatever they want or they decide is the best outcome for
them. And I don't believe I have a fair shot in British courts because if all the members of
parliament say I'm a problem that needs to vanish, I mean, no Romanian MEP has ever said that about me.
No Romanian member of parliament said that about me. And look how I suffered here. If all, we can
apply this to any country. If the parliament of Russia was all saying you're a problem and then you
were arrested in Russia, would you feel safe in a Russian court? One thing to add as well to what
Andrew's been saying is there's been a lot of independent journalists in the past two to three
years reach out to me saying, hey, we've written this article and it's literally just the hit piece
about Andrew or Tristan every time they go to court or when they initially got sent to prison.
And it's literally just trying to grab people's attention. What people don't understand is that
websites like BBC, websites like Sky News, websites like CNN, all they do are grab people's
attention, get people to land on these websites and the journalists just get paid. Every single
journalist has a KPI to hit.
Has the BBC reached out to you, Andrew, to write a piece on these latest developments?
Well, that's a fantastic point because I, for better or for worse, achieve clicks. That's a
fantastic point. Thanks for bringing that up. I achieve clicks. So if you say my name, you get
clicks. So they'll tie me to, I mean, I've had a whole bunch of articles printed about me that have
nothing to do with me. Nothing at all. You know, they'll say some garbage and then they'll say at the
end of it, the last line, Andrew Tate, this, this, this, and they'll just make the whole headline
Andrew Tate when it has nothing to do with me because they need the clicks. So yeah, saying
negative things about me or pretending I'm this, the worst man in the world, I guess pays their
bills is one way to look at it. But I would also argue that the primary objective of media existing
in the first place is because it's a propaganda arm of the government. Media doesn't tell you the
truth. Even if it will get them clicks, they won't tell you the truth because their primary objective
is to be the propaganda arm of the government to instill what the government wants you to believe
inside of the population. They don't care about making money because they're subsidized. So the
government says we want everyone scared of COVID, scare them. And that's what they do. They would
never say, don't be afraid. If the government wants you to be afraid, they're not going to work
against their own master. So if the state department and the UK foreign office were involved in my
incarceration, which they were, the media was also instructed with convincing people that I
deserved it. That was the primary objective of all these smear campaigns for everyone at home to sit
and go, he deserves it. Don't even look into the evidence. Don't even ask to see any evidence. Don't ask
to see a girl. Don't ask why this is happening. Don't ask why this makes no sense. Don't ask what, no,
just he deserves it because the media said he's a misogynist. And it's the propaganda arm. They have to
convince people at home to swallow the garbage. And that's what the media does. And they were very
effective at it in my case. There's a whole bunch of people who say, well, maybe he didn't do it,
but he's an asshole. Is that how we operate as nations now? If you don't like someone's opinion,
they go to jail innocently. If you don't like someone's jokes or what they say or how they think
or a video they made 10 years ago or their haircut or their style or their shoes, you get to decide
that even though they're innocent, they go to jail. Is that how we're now operating? Unfortunately,
that's how the left operates. They would sit and say, I don't care if he's innocent or guilty. I don't
like him. So lock him up in Romanian jail, which of course is infantile and it's a slippery slope,
but that's how communists operate. So I don't, I do agree that it was chasing clicks,
but I also think they were deliberately instructed to convince the population that I deserved the
mistreatment I was suffering. And I did suffer. I don't want to play this down. My brother and I
are tough guys and we like to be known as tough guys and we've always been tough guys, but
Eastern European jail is not a joke. And I had to have a biopsy on my lung in jail. I had a lung
operation in a jail cell with the cockroaches and the rats in the freezing cold. Like I, that was the
worst time of my life. I still suffer with nightmares to this day from that time. A lot of people in
there couldn't handle it. There was a lot of mental illness in that jail. A lot of people broke
and there was three suicides in the first two weeks I was there. It's not like you imagine an
American or a British jail to be. I really pray nobody ends up in an Eastern European dungeon.
And I should have never been there because there wasn't enough evidence to ever put me there.
So we're in a very interesting situation now where they're admitting that I should have never gone
to jail. They're admitting that they should have never raided my houses. They're admitting they
should have never stolen my money. They're admitting they should have never done any of these things
to me. So what comes next? Where will you go next? So after Romania, if the second case is closed,
the charges are dismissed, do you have to then go to the UK?
It's an interesting legal quagmire because as long as I have a case open within Romania,
I do not have to go to the UK as far as I understand it. So if I, for example, had a case
open in the UK, sorry, I had a case open in Romania, but my travel ban was removed, I would be able to
live free because I don't get extradited because my case is not complete, even though I live as a free
man. That may happen. I'm not sure.
Where will you go then? Would you return back to Dubai?
I would actually probably fly to England. My biggest concern about being extradited is the
whiz air. I don't want to be on a whiz air. It's going to annoy me. So I'd rather take my own plane.
I'll take my own jet and I'll fly to England. And I'm not afraid of these cowards. I'm not afraid of
these people. I want the world to understand I'm not afraid of jail. I'm not afraid of any of the...
When I decided to fight the Matrix and now that everybody is based, now that everybody is telling
the truth, now that everybody speaks freely, I feel like partially some people forget the monumental
risk my brother and I took telling the truth back when you weren't allowed to tell the truth. Look what
they did to us. Now everybody tells the truth online. Okay, great. Fantastic. But we charged at the
gunfire first. We're suffering because we did it first. Now everybody's based. That's fantastic. But there
has to be some credit for the OGs. We were the first ones doing it, even in the height of COVID.
Anyone who follows us knows on the first day of COVID, we moved to Sweden and documented a completely
open country and called it a scam on day one. So we've suffered the most to help break the Matrix.
We were definitely instrumental in the damage that was done to the censorship sphere. We are a huge part
of that. And now we're still suffering the consequence of it. But I just want that to
be remembered by people. But truthfully, when we decided to do that, we had already decided there was
going to be monumental consequences. We knew we were going to end up in jail or dead. We had planned
it. We wrote our wills. We understood that when we were doing what we were doing, you couldn't get
away with it for long. So we've planned for jail for a very long time. My message to the UK government
is I'm not afraid of you. And I'm not afraid of the UK lawyers. I'm not afraid of the UK judge.
I'm not afraid of any of it because I've done nothing wrong. And everybody knows I've done
nothing wrong. And putting me in jail doesn't prove I've done anything wrong. And satisfying a few
internet masturbating leftist haters doesn't prove I've done anything wrong. I know I've done nothing
wrong. God knows I've done nothing wrong. So if I get free from here to avoid the Whiz Air flight,
which would actually bother me, unlike jail, I will take my own private jet and I will fly directly
into London. I'll walk into Scotland Yard and say, hello, motherfuckers, charge me or get fucked
because I'm not living with this shit over my head for the rest of my life. And I'm not afraid of any
of them. If you want to charge me, charge me. I'll see you in court. And if you want to put me in jail,
that's fine because I know I've done nothing wrong. And every free thinking person on the planet knows
I've done nothing wrong. So I'm really not afraid of these people. So I would go straight to England
to squash that. And when all of that's done, I'm going to move back to the greatest country
on earth, USA, because the USA is finally back after four long years. In fact, maybe a little
bit longer, it felt like of hell where America was living under absolute tyranny from globo homo
bullshit. Finally, I feel like the greatest country on earth is making a resurgence, which can be
unprecedented in modern times. If Elon Musk truly does what he's going to do with government spending,
if they truly endorse Bitcoin and make a strategic reserve like they promised, if they listen to
Michael Saylor and remove gold and start putting Bitcoin in the coffers, there is so much that
America can now do. America is the greatest country on earth again. And we have four short years until
the psychos get another chance to destroy humanity. So once I've done finished here in Romania and I
finished dealing with the British, I know I have huge affinity amongst the youth. My job, I feel like
is in America because I have nothing else left to do besides have children and try my very best.
to keep humanity functioning. That's my primary objective. So I will be in Florida, most likely.
Going back to Romania, have they returned any of your assets yet? Will they return your assets now
that the charges were dropped or the case is dismissed? Well, the seizure is based on the case
and the case has been dropped, but the seizure is still active. So I must go to court next week and
say, you cannot have a seizure without a case. Please give me my things back. That should be a 100% win.
However, there has been similar experiences in the past where those 100% wins went against me and
they did the most insane mental legal Aikido to keep my things. There's been times in the past
where the warrant, the seizure warrant for the first seizure from the first arrest expired. It ran out
of time. And we went and said, it's expired. You didn't renew it. Give us our stuff. And they said, ah,
ah, uh, no. And then just made a new warrant with a huge gap in the middle. So they've broken the law
so many times. I should get all my things back in a few days, which is 15 supercars,
25 diamond watches, $7 million in cash, six kilograms of gold. They stole everything. Oh,
Bitcoin from what I had some money sitting on an exchange, Binance, seven or eight Bitcoin and some
change on Binance. I should get everything back. I think it totaled $17 million at the time of seizure.
Now it's probably worth a lot more. The cars are down, the cryptos up, but what's actually going to
happen? I don't know. I walk into court with a pure heart. Every time I walk into court that the people
are asking me what's going to happen. And my answer is I don't have a clue. I stand in a room.
Everyone talks Romanian. I don't know what's being said. I don't understand a lick of the language.
It's three hours of words. I don't understand. And then I leave. And then I just wait for my lawyer
to call me later and say, we won or we lost. I don't understand anything. Andrew, they don't have
translators in the court for you to understand the proceedings that are happening at the time.
So by law, you have to have a translator. To be fair, there is a translator there, but it's,
it's so fast and so many people are talking so many things and it's so quick that I have
a translator, but let me just say, being polite to her, she's an old lady. She's very nice.
I don't have a fucking clue what's going on.
I was going to ask, how much is this all costing you? You're saying that they owe you $17 million
in seized assets, but how much of that will you actually get back as far as how much you're
owing your attorneys and other incidental expenses?
Yeah. So if we were to add up lost business revenue, I can't even begin to calculate it.
That's hundreds of millions of dollars of money I've lost. If you were, if I was in a serious
country and we were to talk about lost business revenue, pain, suffering, all that garbage,
we're in the hundreds of millions. That might be a conversation for later on at a European court.
However, in terms of just purely legal fees, I'm probably paying around three or 400,000 a month
to legal fees across three different countries, UK, USA, and here. And then all the money they've
seized and has been going on for two or three years. So 25, $30 million, perhaps so far.
And if I didn't have any money, I'd still be sitting in that jail cell.
Andrew, can I ask, have you thought about any sort of counter suit against the people,
the women that have come out with these allegations?
Yes, we have one ongoing now. And I would actually very much like my attorney, my American
attorney, Joe McBride. You can follow him on Twitter. He's a hero.
Can he join us?
Let me see if he's free now.
I'm sure you can answer some of those legal questions, but you said there's an ongoing
suit. Could you maybe detail what you are asking for in that suit? Are you asking for damages?
Yes. I have to be careful what I say, because I believe there's an injunction. I can't say her
name. I can't say certain things, but effectively the girl who started all of this is a serial liar.
And she accused us of human trafficking, which is such a strange claim. We can go down the
conspiracy rabbit hole that she was sent to do that. We can go down the conspiracy rabbit
hole that DeCott jumped on it because they want promotions. We're not sure, but she accused
us of human trafficking, but she's accused six other men of the exact same crime.
Have they been arrested or tried?
One of them killed himself during the trial. So this is a genuinely evil person. And every
single man she ever met, as soon as he didn't buy her a handbag, she accused them. She is
being tried in a Florida court for seven or eight different charges. It's a civil case
currently. We're working on expanding that. But I want to let my lawyer actually answer that
and explain. Because she is the beginning. She is the reason all of this happened.
Joe McBride. Yeah, I've got his number. I'll just send him a quick message. He's based in
the U.S., is he, or in Romania?
Uh, U.S. And he knows a lot more about it than me.
So, Andrew, you're stating that these allegations were made against you because you did not,
what? Finish that sentence. The allegations were made against you because you, what?
Yeah, a girl visited Romania. She was here for four or five days. She was not granted a shopping
trip, she requested. She then went to DCOP, made a complaint, and vanished, never to return
to Romania again. And that's when all of this spiraled into what it was. She was here for
five days. Over a shopping trip. Is that what you're alleging? A shopping trip? You refused to
take her on a shopping trip? Correct. And Joe McBride will explain, so we're suing her in Florida
for the proof. She lied. We were falsely imprisoned. We've lost monumental amounts of our time and
money. And we're hoping we see justice in an American court. And it's already gone to
discovery. It's already decided that for eight different counts, it needs to go to discovery
because of all the things she's done. I think Joe's coming on now. He can explain even more.
Joe McBride is coming up now. Yeah, he just replied. He's in the space already, so I'll
get the guys to just bring him up on stage. But the question, what's really interesting
is, after her first complaint on my first day being arrested by DCOP, I, by habit, don't
talk to police. I believe you shouldn't talk to police. And when I was taken into the DCOP
office, everyone was laughing and they gave me coffee. And with the camera off, everything
off, they said, bro, you should have just took her shopping. Like, where'd you get her
from? And everyone's just joking and laughing about it. So I was like, okay, this ain't that
serious. I guess they know the truth. And then they let me go. This is when I was first
arrested in April. And then there was eight months of nothing. And then I kept talking
on the internet and they scooped me up and said, I human trafficked her and threw me in
jail. It was really strange.
Joseph, how are you?
I'm doing good, everyone. How you doing?
Congratulations.
You know, it's a good day. It's a big victory for truth and for justice. And it's just another
step in the absolute destruction of the false narrative that's been propagated against Andrew
and Tristan Tate over the past couple of years. These men have been under attack for what they
believe in for their view of, you know, traditional family rights and men empowerment, traditional
gender roles. And they have the attack against them has been nonstop. It is built upon a house
of cards. It is nothing but pure lies. Unfortunately, the process has been the punishment up until this
point. There have been some dark days. There have been some dark times. But of all the two guys I've
ever worked with in the world, these two guys have never once given in. They have never once even
considered or conceived of the idea of surrender. They have just understood that truth and that God
has been on their side and that truth would have its day in the courts of law and in the courts of
public opinion. And now the unthinkable thing has happened. After all of this time, after human
trafficking, this slave trader, that rapist, this all this just nonsense, the deep platforming,
the deep banking, the attacks by the BBC and CNN and everybody else, they've all been wrong. They've
all been proven wrong today. This is this is not we're litigating a case in Florida that we can talk
about that that we're supremely confident that we're going to win because it's always been based
in truth. And we have a fair shot there with a very reasonable judge. And we're going to pick an
awesome and a very reasonable jury in Florida. But in Romania, in Romania, the idea that the Romanian
court has as corrupt as that situation has been, has taken notice of the facts of this case,
and deemed the two women that have accused them of human trafficking, deemed their statements to be so
encouraged, just so uncredible, so without merit that the entire first file or first case against
them is it's vanished into thin air. I mean, give me a frigging break. The whole McBride, can I ask
what evidence did they bring forward to prove their allegations initially to begin with? So the way that
the Romanian justice system works in the American justice system or other Western systems are very
different. In the United States, in order for you to be indicted, there has to be a finding a probable
cause and you're indicted by a grand jury in secret. It's a secret proceeding. But there's, you know,
20 something people in that room, and they indict you based upon a district attorney's or a federal
prosecutor's representations to the grand jury that it's more likely than not that you committed crimes.
And boom, then you have an indictment. In Romania, it is the singular finding of reasonable suspicion
by one prosecutor where he can say, based on what I know about this case, the case should go forward
and you can get indicted. Therefore, Andrew and Tristan were thrown in jail, then thrown on house arrest,
had everything stripped from them. And you know the story, all their cars and millions and millions of
dollars of assets taken from them will eventually be given back based upon one man's word.
The Romanian prosecutor has immense power in Romania. They're very trusted for whatever reason.
And we have been crying foul. The Romanian legal team has been crying foul. Andrew and Tristan
have been crying foul since day one. They've been consistent and they said, all the court need do is
look at the files and they will see that it's built on nothing. It is gas. It is lies. There is
nothing there. There's no actual facts there. If you actually go through the case and if you go
through the text messages and you go through the available evidence and the available video footage,
you will see that that evidence exonerates us. So because the Romanian prosecutorial team out there
knew that, they did everything that they could do over the past few years to bury the evidence.
But because we had a case in Florida that ran concurrently with the Romanian case, we were able
to get a lot of those facts out into the mainstream consciousness. And because there's an excellent
team in place in Romania, a top flight legal team, two great attorneys supported by a great supporting
cast out there. Those people didn't give up. We worked together and we were able to get the court to
see the facts. At the very first glance, the court began to loosen up the judicial controls.
It began to take second and third look at the case. And finally, the court said, hey,
if you can't fix this, we're going to send you packing. And the Romanian prosecutor a few weeks ago
had the gall to tell the court, we don't need to fix nothing, judge. You got it wrong. And lo and
behold, it turns out judges don't like it when people, when they tell you to go fix something,
they didn't fix the file. They can't fix the file because it's based on horse crap. So what this
is and what this has always been is using the judicial process in Romania to strip these good
men of their rights and of their privileges as citizens of the United States, as citizens of
the United Kingdom, and as residents of Romania for nefarious purposes because of who they are.
And the first legitimate look that this court has gotten at this case, multiple judges now have
said, no good. The case can't stand. It's built on horse crap. And this is a shocking. It's shocking
for anyone to believe this or anyone to hear this. But it's consistent with what Andrew and Tristan
have been saying all along, namely that the case is built on nothing. So there is no evidence against
them. Are there some unsavory text messages? Are there, are there words and statements that
people can take back? They wish they could take back? Sure. But do they arise to the level
of criminality? Of course not. Do they arise to the level of they should have been stripped
of their assets and thrown in jail? Human trafficking? Get the hell out of here.
So, Joe, what I don't get, and I'm trying to figure out what I'm missing here, is that
they have a 98.5 success rate at DICOT. How could they bring those charges forward knowing
the case is so weak? I can answer that if you don't mind.
Go ahead, man. So, from my understanding, primarily DICOT is organized crime. So, there's
two factors that make the DICOT conviction rate so high. One, they deal with the drugs. And
if you find the drugs, that's a pretty easy case. I mean, Romania is one of the safest countries
in Europe. People think of it as dangerous. It's actually very safe. You can walk around
with a million-dollar watch in the middle of Bucharest at three in the morning. It is
so safe. Women walk around at night. It's a very safe place compared to London and Western
cities. If they catch drugs, they'll ignore all of the procedural laws you broke if you get
the drugs at the end. They don't care. So, a lot of their convictions are drugs-based.
And as soon as they catch the drugs or find the drugs, that's it. It's done.
The second thing, which is very, very, very interesting with the Romanian legal system,
is that if you snitch, you get half sentence. Not only on the current thing you're facing,
but on anything ever in future ever. So, a lot of Romanian prosecutions are based on somebody
just snitching to a prosecutor because then they have a 50% reduction in any further sentences
they may get. And I can tell stories from jail, but there's stories from jail of men who
are sitting there crying, debating whether they snitch on someone they know to try and
get out. So, there's a huge snitch thing going on in Romania. It's a huge thing. And I think
that with disloyal people coupled with primarily trying to find drugs, if they can get a snitch
or a confession or a wire or find drugs, they get their conviction rate. I really believe
maybe Decot thought these boys have too much money and they talk too big online and he said
some stupid things. There might be something here. Maybe they truly believe that throw us
in jail, put us all over the news is bad, call 2,000 women who know us, find one girl who's
upset, bam, there's your case. They probably truly believe they'd find a case. They didn't
have one, but they thought they'd find one. But then with such a big media storm made when
we were in jail, they're in between a rock and a hard place because they didn't find a
case. But the whole world's looking. And let's be honest, is this the first time the
whole world's looked at a Romanian court case? Probably. Even they were probably like, whoa,
everyone cares about this. Well, we better get him now because now we really look foolish.
And they got more and more desperate. You know, I said this to the judge a couple, not this current
hearing, a few hearings ago. I said this began as human trafficking. This began as Andrew has
girls chained up in a basement. And across three years, it's become so desperate that
it's come into, let's just take his car. He has a new car. Let's seize it. It's nothing
to do with crime anymore. There is no crime. It just got, it was like Moby Dick. They just
lost sight of what they were even looking for. And we're just trying to steal things to, I
don't know, prove something. It was truly incredible. But I feel like perhaps if it wasn't
the State Department pushing them, which it was, the other argument would be that they
simply made such a big mess, expecting to find something that didn't exist, that they
had no choice but to just try and get us in jail anyway.
I feel like you've created that image through social media that essentially Dicot fell for
as well. So, you know, one thing for anyone that hasn't met you, when you see Andrew Tate
in person, and you've heard many people, including your friends, Andrew said this when you got
arrested, it's like a very different Andrew Tate to the one that's being portrayed in
the media, or the one you portray on social media. That's my opinion. And I feel like Dicot
kind of fell for this. They thought they'd find a lot more. And they arrested you with
the limited quote-unquote evidence they had. And then as it progressed, they were in a
position where like, shit, and Joseph, maybe getting your thoughts on this as well, it's
like, shit, there isn't more to this. And this is where it started getting desperate,
where they're trying to save face. That's one way of looking at it. Or it could be all,
you know, kind of hinted like they, they are behind it. And you say they, I think
you're kind of hinting at the powers that be, maybe the Biden administration, the British
officials. There's like two ways of looking at it. Dicot fucked up because they had a
certain perception they messed up. Or there's those that pressured Dicot to act.
I think it's all of it. Andrew, just real quick. I just, I think it's all of it. Because
look, you can't spend over $2 billion in trying to cancel Andrew and draw the conclusion that
the UK is somehow not involved or the divided administration is somehow not involved. It's a,
it's a proxy war. It's a, it's a cultural proxy war. They were using Romania and Romania,
maybe to Andrew's point, maybe they thought they had a case, but at some point they should
have known better. And this has arisen to the level of human rights violations. Now you
cannot take away a man's freedom without due process in any country in this world. Unless
maybe it's, you know, some communist regime somewhere like North Korea. Other than that,
the idea that a man could be stripped of his rights, be stripped of his freedoms, be stripped
of his privileges, despite the fact that he's innocent, it's unconscionable. They should
have known better. They knew better six months ago, a year ago. The people were looking at
these files. They knew it was based on nothing. They did not listen to the representations of
counsel. We are all sworn into different bars to, to, to admit it as, as lawyers and solicitors.
Embarrassers all over the world, Andrew's team. And we have all said in unison that this is built
on nothing. And we weren't taken seriously until we got into an American court where we
can prove it up with the actual facts of the case. They didn't want to listen because they
were turned off to the possibility that Andrew could be innocent because they had an edict.
They had a motive to shut him down at any cost. And now it's blowing up in their face. It's blowing
up in their face just as big as the Biden's regime's prosecution of Trump is blown up in
their face in the United States of America. People have had enough. Judges have hopefully
had enough as well.
Are you also, are you also less worried about the British charges? So, so we know there's
two cases in Romania. The first one seems to be dismissed. The second one is a lot weaker.
Most of it's been thrown out already. There hasn't even been charges in the second one. And then
there's the extradition to the UK, but there's like a 2011 sexual battery charge. Are you
worried about that one, Joe?
You know, you're never worried when the truth is on your side. Is it going to be unfortunate
that, is it reasonably foreseeable that we're going to have to face something in the United
Kingdom that's based on pure horse crap and beat it down there too? Yes, it's foreseeable.
Are we worried about it to the extent that we think that we'll lose because we have exposure?
Sure. No, we're not worried at all. There's nothing to worry about. Whatever they think
that they're going to bring up, whatever it is, it's yesterday's news. It's old news. There
are several cases where it's already been proven that these case, that, that, that the relevant
authorities over there declined to prosecute because women were conspiring against Andrew
and Tristan. Things are written in text messages. The police didn't want to pursue that long
ago. These people are trying to dig up dead man's bones because they hate these men so much
for what they stand for. In the end, the truth is going to win out. Do I want them to have to fight
this case in the UK? Of course not. Do I think that it's probable? It's probable. Do I think that
they'll win? Absolutely. I'll ask you one last question, Andrew, and I'll give it to the panel to
ask you questions. Has anyone from the Biden administration reached out to you yet? I'm not
sure if you can comment on this publicly. Yeah, quickly I'll answer Sarah's question because she asked
a question about what evidence did they come with at the beginning, the two girls who accused us at the
beginning to begin all of this. And that ties into the Florida case that Joe McBride can actually
comment on. The evidence they came with at the beginning was nothing. They came with a statement.
They came with a lie. And then they flew out of the country instantly. That lie was enough to get my
house raided and begin the insanity that I've suffered. And what's interesting... In Romania?
In Romania. This was in Romania. Okay, so if the woman or
women came and said, Andrew Tate and Tristan Tate
did this. They didn't provide any documentation, any
evidence. Is that what you're saying? They didn't show proof or...
Correct. Nothing. They just came with a
statement. Do you have access to that statement that maybe you could share
or your attorney could? I have to be careful because of the Florida
case and maybe Joe can answer that. But I will say one more
thing because Joe said something about them
burying evidence, which is interesting. Because not
only did they only go there with a statement
and no other evidence, we
then, we, my brother and
I, provided
CCTV from our house, and
you can find this online, of them going out
to shopping, going out to restaurants,
ordering pizzas, going
in and out the gate, dancing at
parties, swimming in the pool.
We gave decal all
the CCTV and said, how are these people human trafficked when they have absolute
freedom, their passports, their phones, and they're living a party
lifestyle. And decal then...
So wasn't that one of the allegations that you had taken their passports and they
weren't free to come and go? Is that correct?
Absolute fallacy. Exactly. How did they leave then?
This is the whole thing.
Can I...
Can I cut in for one second?
So were they unaccompanied?
I think Tristan, Tristan, go jump in.
Oh, I'm sorry, Tristan.
I'll cut in for one second. Also, I'm going to read
some messages because they didn't know
that when they accused us of crimes
that their phones would also be taken
and analysed from the same way.
Before reading that, are you allowed, Joe,
you give him permission to read them?
I'm allowed.
Cool, cool. All right, bro. Go ahead.
I'm allowed.
I'm allowed. So when they were
picked up, nowhere near
my house, by the way, which is ironic for human
trafficking victims, their phones
were taken and analysed. So when we talk about
decal burying evidence,
some messages from the exact girl
who accused us are as follows.
I'm reading them verbatim from the script.
Hey, tomorrow
when the police come, I'm going to
wear dark sunglasses
because it looks like I will be sad
if I wear dark sunglasses.
Okay, have you practised this?
Are you a good actress?
Yes, I'm a good actress.
Okay, when we lie to the police,
it's going to be so amazing.
Oh my God, we're going to get
our own series on Netflix.
Wow, we should win Oscars
for how we lie.
Okay, can you message Andrew and Tristan
and make sure that they think
that we're still on their side?
Oh my God, I can't wait to leave here
and go to London.
We're going to set these guys up.
We're going to make so much money.
These are real text messages
taken from their phone
by decal.
Tristan,
were those between the two women
that were the accusers?
Correct.
Yes, they were.
And they were having a conversation
talking about a setup
and when did the authorities
get this evidence
before you were...
Day one.
Never.
Day one?
Day one they had this evidence
but they didn't want
to put it in the file.
So what you...
Let me explain this very simply.
You have the files
of all of the informatical searches.
You have, let's say,
50 huge books
of every piece of information
they have
and then they make the indictment
based on those files.
So what they did is
they downloaded their phones
and took the parts
that made us look bad
and put them in the indictment.
But these messages
they left out of the indictment.
The CCTV that showed
the girls moving around freely
they left out of the indictment.
All of the information
on our side
they left out of the indictment
and our legal team
had to spend three months
scanning 125,000 pages
to find all of this evidence
which supported us.
Decal had this evidence
from day one
but tried to bury it
in between paperwork
hoping our legal team
wouldn't find it
or we'd run out of money
and couldn't pay
for a legal team
to spend three months reading.
These messages
existed on that phone
and Dicot have had them
since they analyzed her phone
which was day one.
They knew we were innocent
from the beginning.
They gave me coffee
and laughed about it.
Everyone knew
that we were innocent
from the absolute beginning
but they did this anyway.
Those messages
are available online.
The CCTV
is available online.
These things
have already leaked.
You can type it into Twitter
and see it.
It's all there.
The conspiracy,
them CCTV
walking in and out the house,
them partying,
all of it
is publicly viewable
currently right now
and it still took us
three years
to have this case thrown out.
Kara,
is it Kara or Sarah?
I'm not sure.
It's Sarah.
Sarah, I've just sent you
the messages
taken from Dicot's files
on your Twitter DMs.
I'm going to cut off
for tonight
because I'm busy
with my friends
celebrating
but I've just sent you
a page
from the actual
criminal file.
These are messages
between the two women
who falsely accused us.
It's in your ex DMs.
Feel free to read them.
I've sent them to you.
They're 100% official,
verified.
They're in the Florida case.
They're in the Romania case.
Dicot ignored these.
These were taken
the day after
I was first arrested.
So please enjoy them
and feel free
to read them out
to the space.
Thanks.
I'll review them right now.
Sarah,
any more questions
on this before
we go to the panel?
Joseph,
Andrew,
any final comments?
So we'll go to the panel's hands
for maybe 10 minutes.
I just want to ask
one more quick thing.
There's going to be
a countersuit.
Is that correct,
Andrew and Tristan?
Correct.
And I would like Joe
to explain
because based on those messages
you've now seen,
that is the basis
of our Florida case
that this was a setup
in the first place
and I think Joe
can give even more
perspective on that.
Yeah, for sure.
I have to be very careful
about what I say.
So I'm going to say this
in the most legalistic
way possible
because their legal team
tried to gag me
and muzzle me
in Florida.
The judge was not having it.
They've subsequently filed
a bar complaint
against me in New York
to try to intimidate me
to try to silence me
and go after my license.
We're going to win that
as well.
But right now,
I am under a microscope
for my advocacy,
which has all been...
They've tried to go
after your license.
Oh yeah,
for sure.
For sure.
It was filed by
this just ridiculous
UK law firm
that spends its entire
life value
just harassing
Andrew and Tristan online
and now they've come
after me,
which is, look...
Why?
What's their end goal
with this?
Who's funding it?
Relevancy?
Well, yeah,
for them it's relevancy,
right?
They're trying to stake
their claim to fame
based on Andrew
and Tristan's suffering.
They're exploiting them.
They have...
I know you're talking about...
Yeah, I remember the lawyer.
I remember he wanted
to come on one of our spaces.
I do remember.
He was just...
All he was doing was targeting...
But I didn't know
he was funding,
so they're doing it pro bono?
Well, yeah,
they're raising money on it,
right?
So I know there are
two streams of income
for them
from what we can loosely see,
right?
There are like
these lefty NGOs
that are funding
certain lawyers.
Of course.
And then there's
this other team
that's just like
raising money
and like public awareness
because they want to
raise their profile
in the UK.
But now they filed
a complaint against me
in New York
to try to shut me up.
But, you know,
look,
I'm a pretty good attorney.
I cross all my T's
and dot all my I's.
I stay within
the bounds of the law.
I'm going to win
that case.
I have to fight it.
I'm not worried about it.
I have one of the best
ethics attorneys
in the world on it.
And we're going to
put that to bed
shortly.
And like I said earlier,
they tried to muzzle me,
gag me,
and didn't want me
speaking to the media.
Certainly didn't want me
on Twitter
speaking about it anymore.
And the judge in Florida,
a great judge,
said,
look,
these guys have
a First Amendment
right to speak,
so we're going to
let them do it.
There's going to be
no gagging or muzzling.
So this is what you
need to know
about the Florida case.
The Florida case
is primarily based
on its defamation,
its defamation per se,
its commercial defamation.
It is also
tortious interference
with the business
relationship.
There are other charges
in there,
such as conspiracy
and false imprisonment,
right?
And that false imprisonment
has to do with
the boys being swatted
and eventually
the weaponization
of the Romanian
justice system
against them
to deprive them
of their freedom.
So,
Andrew and Tristan
are residents
of the United States.
One of,
several people
in this case,
one person
in particular,
also a resident
of the United States.
People meet in Florida,
they greet in Florida,
they make their way
to Romania
for six days.
These people
were there for six days
and all this happened
and then they go back.
But while they're
in Romania,
they send
defamatory statements.
I'm being kidnapped,
I'm being held
against my will.
They suggest
these things.
Even though
these same people
retract their statements
later on
in the same stream
of text messages,
they send these things
into Florida airspace
like defamatory missiles.
Once they cross over
into Florida airspace
and they land
on cell phones
in Florida,
you're on the hook
for defamation.
Those statements,
we all know by now
that they were false.
And those statements
provoked
people in Florida
to call
the authorities
in Romania
and the embassy
and to get
the decot
and everybody else
involved
which eventually
led to
the situation
that we're in now.
So those statements
were made
knowingly,
intelligently,
and with malice.
When you defame
somebody,
especially with malice,
to the extent
that they lose
their freedom
and they lose
their business relationships
and you conspire
against them,
there is a
civil action
that arises
from that.
So we have been
very, very calculated.
We have been
very, very patient
in our approach.
We have
ad nauseum
gone through
every piece of paper,
every text message
in this case,
thousands and thousands
and thousands
of hours of review
to make sure
that we comprehensively
understand everything.
And then,
because it's the
American justice system,
we baked all of the truth
into our complaint,
we gave hundreds
of pages of exhibits,
and we have survived.
We just recently survived
the motions
to dismiss
these people
who are defending
these lawyers
that are defending
the people
that we're suing
saying Andrew
and Tristan Tate
are human traffickers,
our clients
are the real victims,
and we said,
no, no, no.
Andrew and Tristan Tate
are American citizens.
They're innocent.
They've never been
convicted of any crime.
They have their right
to sue you in court.
You are the defendants
in this case.
Get it straight.
Andrew and Tristan
are the victims here.
It is not you,
and we will not stop
in pursuit of seeking justice
on their behalf.
So we just survived
motions to dismiss,
which means that
we have sufficiently
pled all the allegations
that we're talking about
in an American court of law
that suggests
and state
that these statements
were used
to severely harm
Andrew and Tristan,
and we're suing
for $5 million
and a bunch of other things
in that court.
And that is going
to proceed
to discovery
at the end
of this month.
That discovery
process begins.
So your case
is essentially
ahead of what
Romania's case,
Dicott's case
is against the Tates.
Right.
So as soon as
we published
our complaint
in the American case
in July,
I think it was July,
or maybe it was
I think it was D-Day.
It may have been June 6th.
It was 2023.
Andrew,
I can't remember
if it was before
we came out with Tucker
or after.
It was right around
that time,
end of June,
July.
And right after that,
the Romanian justice system
began to take notice
of what was actually
going on.
And the Romanian
legal team actually
had a fair chance
at winning in that court
because they became aware
that there was
a concurrent case
running in America
where the facts
were being published
to the court
and to the general public
and to the media
over here.
So they weren't going
to be able to bury it
any longer.
Now,
it took a year
and change
for the Romanian court
to finally notice it,
but I don't think
that Andrew and Tristan
would have ever gotten
until today
if we didn't have
these two cases
working concurrently
with each other
because the powers
that be in Romania
would have just
kept the facts buried
if they did not have
to deal with
the American case.
Does that make sense?
It does to me.
Sarah?
Yeah,
that does make sense,
but I'm wondering
how long do you think
it'll take
or do you think
that the Florida case
will be dismissed swiftly
or do you think
that this is going
to take years?
The Florida case
will not be dismissed
because we just
It won't be dismissed
past that stage.
We just survived
motions to dismiss.
So,
the dismissal stage
is over.
We have discovery
that we're going into now
and then there'll be
settlement conferences
and negotiations
and if we can't reach
the settlement,
which we probably won't,
we are scheduled
to pick a jury
in September of 2005,
uh, 2025.
We already have
a trial schedule.
Dismissal is not happening.
So,
so,
last question
moving away from the case
and then it'll open up
to the panel
for about 10-15 minutes,
Andrew,
if I start with you.
Last question on my end
is,
um,
what's next?
So,
it seems the tide
is shifting.
Is the media narrative
shifting?
Are they still attacking
you the same way?
Is there some outlets
that are starting
to be a bit more
skeptical of the case?
Andrew?
Well,
it's interesting
because when something
bad happens in the case,
I have 50 news outlets
outside of my home
banging on my gate.
But today,
when the entire case
is thrown out,
not a single one
appeared.
So,
what the media
typically does
is the same thing
they've done
with our case,
which is lie
by omission.
They are scared
to openly lie
too hard
because it's easy
to sue them
for defamation.
So,
what they do
is they lie
by omission.
They leave out
the good things
and only say
the bad things,
which is effectively
lying.
But they do it
by just omitting
one half of the story.
So,
everyone remembers
my famous interview
with Lucy Williams
with the BBC.
And the story
behind that
was quite simple.
When I was first
put in jail,
the BBC were begging
me for an interview.
And when I say begging,
I mean every day
calling me,
begging me
for an interview.
And I said I would
not give an interview
over the phone,
only in person.
And then they said
that they wanted me
to do an interview
with them to discuss
how unfair it is
I've been put in jail
without trial,
how Romanian jails
are the worst jails
in Europe,
how Romania has been
fined billions of euros
for unfair conditions,
how it's unfair.
So they gave me
this list of questions
which was about
my unfair incarceration.
And when I finally
agreed to it
post-release,
she sits down
in my own home,
which I invited her into,
and said,
you're a rapist,
first words out of her mouth,
because she's disingenuous,
like all media is.
And that's why
I had to destroy her
and educate her so hard.
She told me
the conversation
would be something else.
And when I leave jail
with mental health issues,
with bad nightmares
and PTSD,
they sit me down
and they try
and jump me
and get me by surprise
to get an aha moment
and start calling me
a rapist
when we were supposed
to be having
our conversation
about unfair incarceration.
So it was a complete setup
from the beginning
by the media.
The media has only ever
said bad things about me.
Remember when Hugh Edwards,
who is a convicted pedophile
working for the BBC,
his story disappears
in two days.
When Philip Schofield,
who's a convicted pedophile
working for the ITV,
his story disappears
in two days.
But my story
is repeated
every single day
for three solid years
in a negative connotation
endlessly and repeatedly.
And every single time
something good happens
in the case,
they don't turn up.
No pictures,
no videos,
no interviews.
They'll do a little report.
They'll put it on page 88
somewhere and they'll say,
oh yeah,
Andrew won a little bit.
But they'll word it in a way.
Even today,
they don't say case dismissed.
They say,
case returned
to prosecutors for now.
What does that even mean?
Case dismissed.
It's a setup.
And they do it
by lying by omission
because they were complicit.
The media was complicit
in this takedown
from the beginning
because their primary objective
was to damage our influence.
That was the objective
of this entire operation
which means
the media had to be complicit
from day dot.
So no,
they've not changed
our attitude.
They either don't talk
to us at all
when good things happen.
They report the bare minimum
with a false angle
when they are forced to.
But primarily,
they just hide
and protect everyone
who works for them
who are actual sexual criminals
and repeatedly try
and convince the population
that my brother and I
are dangerous
and horrible people.
Has anyone who's
any of those
that attacked you
or distanced themselves
any friends of yours
recently reached out
and apologized
for judging too quickly?
The people who have supported me
from the absolute beginning
day one
and I know their names
and there's too many to name
but I think I know
who all of them are
and I can't explain
from the bottom of my heart
how much I appreciate that.
There's been some people
who really put their necks
on the line for me
and I super appreciate that.
Myron Gaines is one of them.
Tam Khan's another one.
Will's another one.
There's been so many amazing guys
who have stuck up for me
and there's too many to name
but those are my friends.
Anyone who decided
to distance themselves from me
because of this garbage
matrix attack
I don't consider a friend.
They can apologize
if it's good for their conscience
but I don't even hold it against them.
They're not the primary concern.
My primary concern now
is that everybody
on the planet
deserves fair treatment
under the law
whether they are innocent
or guilty.
My brother and I
deserve a fair chance
in any court of law
anywhere in the world
as innocent men
and the people who are guilty
for what has happened to us
deserve a fair chance
under the law.
That does not mean
they'll be found innocent
because guilty people
are found guilty
in a fair court of law.
So all I'm interested in
is a fair court of law
fair law
which is the world
we're supposed to live in
here in the West
fair legal practice
and for the guilty parties
to suffer
the same way
that my brother and I have
as innocent men
because truthfully
truthfully
it's disgusting
that this has even gone on
so long
and it's been the perfect
combination of
monumental influence
corrupt legal systems
liberal NGOs
sponsoring girls
who convince men
to commit suicide
because they make
false accusations
silly little
unknown legal teams
trying to make names
off of our back
media trying to get clicks
and being incomplicit
with the deep state
it's truly been
an absolute whirlwind
a perfect storm
of insanity
and now that Trump
is back
and I believe
the world is healing
all I want to do
is get all of the
different people
who are involved in this
in front of a judge
and the innocent people
will walk
and the guilty people
will pay the price
that's all I'm looking for
Arian
Hey everyone
first the apologies
for the chaotic sound
in the background
it's midnight here
so it's a little bit
the circumstances
are a bit chaotic
but here's my two cents
on this
you know we talked
a lot about
the law
Andrew mentioned justice
we talked about
the case a lot
but you know
in my opinion
this is not about
the case at all
or about the law
it's mostly about
human nature
now for instance
you know
Netanyahu
who is being taken
to trial
over what
200k in bribery
200k to him
is pennies
right
and the fact is
I wouldn't take
200k in bribes
it's not about that
it's about the court case
and the trial
that that
you know
all the media
that follows
all the sound
that it creates
I myself
I'm an advisor
in an operation
that's supposed
to take one of the
biggest governments
on the planet
at the moment
to court
we know
that the court case
is not going to
mean anything
the outcome
of the court case
doesn't matter
but we do have
a media team
behind us
to support us
and the sound
that we create
the impact
that we create
that's at the end
of the day
what matters
now I've been on
both sides of this
with the court case
and also
we run one of the
biggest English news
outlets in the
north of the Netherlands
so people come
with requests
to us as well
and this is
really not about
law in my opinion
at all
it's more so
about human nature
we talk about
the law aspect
of it a lot
essentially tarnishing
his image
tarnishing his brand
and timing his business
are you there
you dropped out
we'll go ahead
I think Aaron
dropped out
I'll go to John
hey guys
and shout out
to you Mario
thank you so much
for having this space
shout out to Top G
shout out to
Joseph McBride
Tristan
everyone
you know
from the beginning
you know
I looked at this
for what it was
and I believe
it's a political
head job
right
when I started
learning about
Andrew's influence
and I saw
how he captivated
the minds
of many young men
and so many people
out there
and then I found out
that he's a Trump supporter
I said
hold on really quick
wait wait wait a minute
first of all
they're coming after Trump
with all the lawfare
in the world
why wouldn't they come after
the most googled man
in the world
right
so then
when I started looking
at all of this evidence
evidence that was
talked to
with Sierra
right now
or Sarah
Sarah
you need to understand
that all the
exculpatory evidence
in this case
was hidden
by the prosecution
and someone
in Romania
told me that
they had actually
passed a law
a few years ago
to allow the prosecutors
to do this
so essentially
if they do have
evidence
of you know
them being innocent
they can essentially
hide that
it's okay for them
to do that
so knowing all of this
you know
seeing Andrew's influence
and all of that
I understood
that this is just
a political head job
so Andrew may have been
maybe the first guy
that's not in politics
that they came after
and it's just because
of his influence
if Andrew Tate tells
millions of young men
to go out and vote
for Donald Trump
guess what those young men
are going to do
so not only did they
want to ruin the
credibility of Donald Trump
they're also going to
ruin the credibility
of anybody that
supports Donald Trump
look at the J6ers
just look at anybody
that even contested
the election
or anyone who
talked about COVID
I mean they came
after everyone
so you know
we have to look at it
for what it is
a political head job
and you know
me myself
when I started
to protest
I think it was
in January
or February
of 2023
I started to get
into conversation
with many people
especially people
in the political scene
a couple of very
you know
like I want to say
powerful people
and you know
they told me
this is
this is politically
driven
and at this point
there's not much
that we can do
because the people
in power
want Andrew Tate in
so I don't want
to drop any names
or anything like that
but I want people
to understand
that this is what it is
and you know
Andrew and Tristan
you guys
you guys are holding
it down man
you're holding it down
for the whole entire world
because at the end
of the day
I think if it was
anybody else
anybody else
would have just
gave in
you know
and probably took
a plea deal
or just kind of
stayed silent
and everything
but you guys
haven't been exposed
in everything man
and I think that
everyone that follows you
that admires you guys
we're all grateful for it
so keep doing
what you're doing
we got your back
the whole world
got your back brothers
thank you very much sir
that means a lot
and you know
it's kind of interesting
we talk about these things
and there's still
a certain percentage
of people who consider
it conspiratorial
didn't Nancy Pelosi
describe the wrap up smear
didn't she say
the wrap up smear
is a political strategy
where one makes up
a charge against someone
and gets the press
to write about it
and then uses the fact
that it's been reported
as a form of validation
for the charge itself
she referred to it
as a tool of authoritarianism
suggesting it's used
to control the narrative
by dominating the conversation
with specific charges
as opposed to
the substantive
policy discussions
of that person
Nancy Pelosi
in 2017
accused the Republicans
of using the wrap up smear
as a political tactic
where false charges
are spread throughout the media
to influence public opinion
and take away focus
from that person's
actual views
and policies
Nancy Pelosi
has told you my case
Nancy Pelosi
told you my case
the objective was
not to make people go
what does Andrew Tate
say and stand for
the objective was
to make everyone say
Andrew Tate's a human trafficker
so no one
wanted to listen to me
no one wanted to listen
to my videos
no one wanted to have
an informed opinion on me
they just got told
to repeat
I'm a human trafficker
and this got proven
a bunch of times
on YouTube
there was YouTubers
who would walk around
and go up to girls
in liberal cities
in LA
and say
do you like Andrew Tate
and they'd say
I hate him
and they'd say
why
and they'd go
uh
uh
they don't know why
they were told to
and that's the bottom
line of it
for the last three years
my name couldn't be said
without discussing
human trafficking
as opposed to
discussing the things
I wanted to talk about
masculinity
and honor
and sticking up
for your country
and your family
and being prepared
to do the hard thing
because it's the right
thing to do
and discipline
all these things
have gone to the wayside
because this wrap up
smear
has been orchestrated
against me
so that all
anyone ever talks about
is this complete
garbage
fabricated
case of air
and Nancy Pelosi
said it herself
yo Andrew
I'm gonna tell you
one thing right now
man
that lawyer of yours
Joseph McBride
when you see that man again
just give him a hug
bro
because I'm telling you
whenever I saw
the actions that he was
taking here in Florida
I knew that the tables
were going to turn
it was just a genius move
a genius move
to get the exculpatory evidence
right
that they didn't want to
show in Romania
revealed it here
in the good
US of A
right
where justice
will prevail
and Joseph
man
brother
man
much love
much love
on this side man
thank you brother
much love to you as well
much appreciated
John go ahead
you know
I want to say quickly
Mario
we've gone a long way
since 2022
when you first started
these spaces
at the outset of the arrest
we were speaking
since then
and it wasn't so friendly
on the Twitter space
about
Andrew being innocent
Tristan being innocent
back then
it was an uphill battle
for the innocence
of these two people
who have been
the
victims
of a classic case
of malicious
malicious prosecution
in a very corrupt country
so I will say
personally
I feel very vindicated
on the issue
it's not yet done
but
I feel
we are getting somewhere
in terms of Romania
the name
Tate
is a name
that's
synonymous
with the country
itself
I want people
to understand
that
this is very
important
and when you
hear the name
John Wilkes Booth
Lee Harvey Oswald
Gavrilo Princip
you know
why do you know
those names
because they're
the people
that shot
the bullets
that shake
the world
they killed
greater men
and they
immortalized
themselves
into history
right
and so
the same thing
applies with
these
shadowy
prosecutors
they wanted
to take
these men's
scalps
to bolster
their own
reputations
as prosecutors
they failed
because they're
amateurs
there was no
attempt to
approach this
with any
veneer
of legitimacy
because they're
amateurs
if they wanted
to really
take these men
down
they would have
done it
in a way
that would
have looked
at the least
legitimate
but they didn't
care
now one thing
I really want
to hammer in on
and Mario
you remember
this
I was talking
about this
years ago
when it first
happened
when it first
happened
and I remember
people fighting
me on this
but the
injustice
I mean
to this day
I'm outraged
and you can
divorce this
from Andrew
and Tristan
but I mean
in this case
it's the most
clear cut
example of this
pre-trial detention
in Romania
the use of that
was coercive
and you know
Andrew spoke
earlier about
the countless
legal irregularities
but we cannot
forget the injustice
of the pre-trial
detention
right
it was done
to coerce
confessions
punish
without a formal
finding of guilt
and to erode
the presumption
of innocence
in these two men
that's supposed
to be at the
core of the
judicial process
that's literally
state-sanctioned
intimidation
that's what it is
and the reason
for this
and this is very
important to understand
I want to give
some historical
context
okay
this is the
justice system
that is inherited
from the Romanian
communist dictator
Ceaușescu
okay
and I'm not going
to bore everyone
in previous phases
on Andrew Tate
during the
when he was still
in prison
in jail
whatever you want
to call that
hellhole
you know
back then
I gave a really
really great
breakdown
why the prosecutors
might be
motivated to do this
but what it really
comes down to
is this is a system
where a presidential
election
we saw
can be overturned
back then
people were saying
you know
I was saying
hey look
I was pulling up
the statistics
right
and I was pulling up
the statistics
from the
Council of Europe's
anti-corruption body
talking about
all these different
things
I'm not going
to bore you
with that
right
but now
we see it
plainly
this is a very
corrupt justice
system
this is not
the same
I mean
we can talk
about how
the US
is corrupt
but this is
not even
close
to the level
of justice
that you'll
get in the
United States
right
so
it is a system
not only where
a presidential
election could be
overturned Mario
but it's also
a system
where hundreds
of corruption
case crimes
are brought
before the
Romanian
courts
yearly
so
look
I'm very
happy with the
steps going
forward
but I want
people to
understand
that
contextual
aspect of
the history
of this
the fact that
this is a
really rotten
justice system
and truth is on
the march
the next step
is that they're
released in full
they have freedom
of travel
basic human rights
and what they
really need to
have happen
and I trust
that good people
like Joseph
and Andrew's
other lawyers
in Romania
are going to
make this
happen
but this
case needs
to be
dismissed
with prejudice
so that it
can't be brought
back
and Andrew
actually
I'm going to
say on this
last thing
because I'm
going to let
the people
you know
who are
affected by
this speak
a little bit
more on it
but the last
thing I want
to say
is Andrew
said something
really fucking
interesting
here
really interesting
and I want
to hone in
on this
right
if
when it
comes to
the
situation
with
the media
look at
the way
they framed
it
it's not
oh the
case is
over
it's not
anything
positive
it's just
for now
it's put
away
for now
it's put
away
because
they're
trying to
concoct
some more
bullshit
and they're
not going
to let
it go
because it's
a character
assassination
so I pray
for you my
friends
but perhaps
the road
ahead is
as yet
still long
I remember
John in
the early
days
and I'll
give the
mic to
Andrew
and Tristan
to wrap
it up
the early
days
was very
difficult
to get
and I
said this
to you
Andrew
and Tristan
I said
this to
you guys
in Romania
I said
it was very
difficult
to get
anyone
to support
everyone
wanted to
distance
themselves
from the
Tates
at best
or just
immediately
go guilty
before being
proven
innocent
and
I think
Suleiman
was one
of the
first
very loud
voices
that came
in and
was pretty
active on
spaces
with the
Tate
spaces
and
was
pretty
fine
back
in the
days
absolutely
and John
thank you
very very
much for
the support
and you're
right this
is a
hangover
of the
communist
system
and it's
not like
anything you
would imagine
in the
western world
and that's
why even
though I
knew I
was innocent
all along
today's
decision
was such
a shock
and I'll
be honest
with you
because we're
all human
this is a
bittersweet
day for
me
I mean
of course
it's nice
to hear
that it's
not progressing
but after
the three
years I've
been through
for a judge
to say oh
yeah it was
all made
up
it's kind
of enraging
I mean
there's relief
but it's
mixed with
rage
it's like
it was
made up
was it
so what
was this
whole farce
I mean
I knew
it was a
farce
but what
was all
of this
for then
where are
my things
where's my
life
where's my
years of
time
and it's
quite a
strange
scenario
to be
in
of course
there's
lessons
to take
from it
but
I really
want to
thank John
again
thank you
for the
support
and I
have to
be careful
because I'm
still within
the territory
of Romania
but I've
told 25%
at most
of the
things I
know about
the Romanian
judicial system
and God
willing when
I'm free
from this
country
and I
don't hate
Romania
I don't
hate the
country
it is a
safe place
to be fair
to them
the reason
it's so
safe
it's because
everyone goes
to jail
you can't
sneeze
without going
to jail
it is safe
and it is
beautiful
and it has
and you know
you don't get
robbed
there's good
about it
but
the things
I've seen
inside of
this system
and the way
I've suffered
at the hands
of it
there will be
a day
when I can
finally fully
disclose
and I'd
love to
have John
on that
space
so I can
make him
understand
it's even
worse
than he thinks
it's even
worse than he
imagines it
to be
and
interesting
go ahead
actually
go ahead
I'll go
further
one John
yes you are
correct
I'm not going
to bore
everybody
with history
lessons about
who Nicolae
Ceausescu
was etc
etc
but I'll go
even further
than that
because keep
in mind
I mean
when we talk
about how
much we
suffered
my daughter
was born
born
when I was
in prison
I didn't
see her
for the first
three months
of her life
I have a
child who
does not
live in
Romania
who I have
not seen
for two
years
because of
this process
they robbed
me of
some very
precious
things
Mario
knows
all the
details
but what
I will
say is
this
about the
Romanian
case
about the
Romanian
system
changes
will have
to be
made
to
Romania
changes
will have
to be
made
after my
case is
completely
exposed
because
this
complete
power
of
prosecutors
to do
what they
did
against
me
is going
to have
to shift
and
people
ask me
stupid
questions
like
Tristan
why do
you care
about
Romania
why do
you care
that things
change
there
why don't
you just
bounce
and leave
because I
could have
left a
million times
by the
way
I know
I'm under
certain
restrictions
but I
could have
left
and I
can leave
any time
I like
illegally
but I
refuse to
do so
because that's
what guilty
men do
but I
will say
one thing
my children
are Romanian
my grandchildren
will be
Romanian
my great
grandchildren
will be
Romanian
I know
the history
of this
country
and as a
duty to
my kids
I know
everything
about this
country
and I'm
going to
teach my
children
whether they
grow up in
Dubai
or England
or Italy
or Spain
or Japan
my children
who are
Romanian
are going to
know about
their nation
now
I'm tied
by blood
to this
country
of course
I'm not a
native
of course
this isn't
my nation
essentially
but because my
children are
Romanian
does that not
make this
my country
too
a little bit
by default
and for such
injustices to
happen here
I'm happy to
spend 10 years
here
case 2
case 3
case 4
5
6
I am happy
to do it
if it ends
in positive
change
to how these
people can
illegally
and
artificially
I guess
accuse and
rob
foreign
nationals
to accuse
and rob
anyone
with wealth
so I owe
it to my
kids to make
positive changes
in this country
and if anyone
is saying to me
why don't you
leave
why don't you
just bail
that's the
reason why
I owe it
to Romania
and I owe
it to my
children
and I will
never leave
and that's
my last word
for tonight
so I'm going
to become a
listener for the rest
of the night
but that's my
word for staying
I appreciate you
Tristan
Andrew
congratulations on
today
good luck
with the second
case which
seems pretty
weak
and obviously
good luck
in the UK
and hopefully
the tide
continues turning
and good luck
in Florida
as well
I just want
to give one
shout out
because Myron's
here
I don't know
if we can
let Myron
talk quickly
of course
Myron
go ahead
man
he was a
huge supporter
of ours
no man
I mean
hey guys
I'm not the
star here
Andrew and Tristan
are you know
I'm just here
listening
I'm just happy
to be able
to help
when this
shit first
broke out
I knew
it was bullshit
as someone
that actually
investigated
human trafficking
as a special
agent
I knew right
away these
charges were
bullshit
you know
I spent a
significant amount
of time
with these
guys
I saw them
day to
day
like if
anything
they had
a hard
time getting
the girls
to leave
the house
let alone
keeping them
there
so that's
when I
knew this
was bullshit
and for
all the
idiots
that said
oh man
you're delusional
supporting these
guys
you're going
to put your
credibility
and your
background
on the line
for these
guys
and I was
like yeah
because I
fucking know
them
you know
playing loyalty
doesn't matter
if the truth
is there
right
you don't need
eyesight to know
the truth
so you know
I stand by
these guys
100%
fuck the
haters
I'm so happy
for you guys
and that's
it man
thank you
very much
and thanks
thanks everyone
for tuning
in and
I would like
to I mean
I just did
an emergency
meeting on it
I think I
would like
to highlight
at least
from all
of this
is that
we all
know
lawfare
we understand
how it
works
and we
understand
it happens
internationally
and all
around the
world
but as
the world
gets more
and more
chaotic
perhaps things
will heal
now under
the Trump
administration
but as
the world
gets more
and more
chaotic
I would
like for
every single
man
listening to
this
to ask
themselves
the following
questions
you're a
full grown
man
you've had
sexual
relations
at some
point
in your
life
if the
police
call all
of those
women who
you no
longer
talk to
how many
of them
are prepared
to take
heat
to defend
you
you'll be
surprised
it's very
few
and then
they can
get the
statement
they need
to instruct
a prosecutor
to then
raid your
house
they will
then get
your
electronics
and go
through
your entire
life
to embarrass
you
and find
a real
case
they will
freeze
all of
your money
they will
take all
of your
assets
they will
take everything
from you
and travel
ban you
you will
not be
able to
work
you will
not be
able to
earn
income
you will
then have
increased
expenditures
with legal
bills
you're
going to
have to
start
paying
all of
those
and you're
going to
suffer
for years
based on
the whims
of the
lawfare
system
and I think
every single
man who's
watched this
case and
watched my
brother and
I suffer
we haven't
managed to
survive by
blind luck
and it
hasn't only
been tenacity
it's been a
lot of
forward planning
a lot of
thinking
and you need
to ask
yourself some
questions
if they
did to me
what they
did to the
brothers
how would
I survive
it
how would
I pay
for my
lawyers
how would
I pay
for my
family
how do
my kids
eat
how do
I survive
this garbage
because truthfully
we now live
in a world
which is
extremely scary
to be a
man
because consent
for all
acts can be
removed
post
you can have
a sexual
relationship
with a woman
and this
this is nothing
to even do
with my case
because my
case I didn't
even have
sex with
that girl
that this
happened
without me
having sex
with a girl
without
imagine the
girls you
have had
sex with
and they
can remove
consent
post event
at any
point in
the future
10 years
15 years
20 years
in the future
and they
will aim
to destroy
your life
because of
it
and that
is a very
sobering
and scary
thought that
every single
man needs
to consider
how they
would handle
that scenario
because nobody
in any
country is
safe from
that
Shane
any final
quick words
yeah just
real quick
you know
I mean
this has
been really
insightful
into like
what you
go through
when
accusations
are brought
against you
I'm curious
is there
like a
defense
charity
that you
guys would
recommend
people support
that defends
people in
situations like
this
internationally
that's a
really good
question
there was a
couple who
I was talking
to at one
point
but that's
the unfortunate
reality of
these things
the unfortunate
reality of
the world
is that we're
all playing
an economic
game that you
can't opt
out of
and although
I feel like
we've been
targeted for
our wealth
and that's
part of the
reason the
decot prosecutors
were so
frivolous trying
to get hold of
as much as
they could
also our
money allowed
us to fight
back and a
lot of people
are not
fortunate in
that scenario
I think my
advice is some
advice I said
10 or 11
years ago and
the advice is
pretty simple
if you have
all of your
money inside
of one legal
jurisdiction
you're an
easy fish to
destroy and I
I'm not I'm
not talking about
breaking any laws
I'm talking about
if you live in
England all
your money's in
English banks
the second you're
arrested your
English banks get
frozen and you're
toast and we
now live in an
international world
and perhaps next
time you're on
holiday in
Singapore you
should visit a
bank and set
one up that's
not illegal that's
not breaking any
laws that's just
preparing and
understanding that it
only takes the
whims of one
prosecutor to not
like you or for
you to offend the
wrong person or for
you to get too big
online a lot of
people don't
understand as they
reach for monumental
successes with their
dreams and aspirations
of being rich and
famous online and
well-known and
having fast cars and
lots of money your
ability to speak
freely is directly
correlated with your
insignificance you're
only allowed to speak
freely if nobody
fucking listens the
second you're as
successful as you
want to be you can't
talk freely anymore it
is at that point you
either sell your soul or
you suffer lawfare there
is no in-between it's
happened to everybody
who's ever done it Elon's
getting it Trump's getting
it Assange is getting
it anyone who too many
people listen to is
going to suffer lawfare so
you have to ask yourself
if you are going to be
as successful as you
want to be one day are
you going to shut up or
are you going to prepare
for war because the war
is certain on that note
Andrew appreciate you
joining on this late
hour Tristan as well
thanks a lot everyone
thanks Sarah and we'll
probably see you again
Andrew when the second
case is dismissed as
well thank you sir
thank you everyone
thank you very much
take care everyone
