Andrew Tate, the most famous man on planet Earth. Love him or hate him, everyone is watching.
Although controversial, Andrew's meteoric rise to fame has led him to become one of the most influential men in the world.
He's no longer regarded as a celebrity or an influencer, but rather a political figure.
A man who has captured a generation of minds and impacted millions of people across the globe.
His polarising views have sparked debates worldwide, even at the highest of levels, including institutions and governmental organisations.
Online influencer Andrew Tate's vile misogyny infiltrates our classrooms and society.
But the true Andrew Tate is a man that is largely misunderstood.
I wanted to take this opportunity to discover the real Andrew Tate.
In December of 2022, I was scheduled to meet Andrew in Dubai for our second interview.
But little did I know that podcast would never happen.
Andrew Tate has been arrested.
On that same day, his house was raided and Andrew and his brother Tristan were sentenced to a Romanian jail on multiple charges.
For the next three months, the world watched on as one of the most powerful men on earth, was stripped of everything.
In March of 2023, Andrew and his brother were released under house arrest due to a lack of evidence.
Fast forward to now, he invited me out to Romania, where he remains within the confines of the legal system.
With armed guards at his side, me and Andrew met at a secret location just outside of Bucharest.
In this three-hour interview, Andrew shared some of the most controversial opinions today.
They just fucking make it off! Women are the attack vector.
How do you avoid this attack vector? I won't be gay.
The real reason behind his arrest...
I was accused, obviously, of the complete garbage charge of human trafficking via the loverboy method.
And what they're saying is...
And revealed some shocking confessions never disclosed to the world before.
It's a good question you ask me. I probably shouldn't say this stuff, I'm supposed to say it.
Andrew Tate, thank you very much for coming back on the CEO cast.
It's been a long time, sir.
It has been indeed.
I like the t-shirt.
Well, thank you, man. It's a good match. I'm going to give you one after.
Perfect.
I want to start off with the podcast with this. Since the last time we spoke, I have to thank you,
because not only have you changed my mindset and my perspective on life, but I've seen personal friends start six-figure businesses.
I've seen fat people go to the gym. I've seen men stop chasing women. I've seen a lot happen.
And when I ask them all one thing, they say it's down to Andrew Tate.
How does that make you feel?
Yeah, that's amazing news. And it's good to know that I'm having such a positive impact on the world.
It's also interesting because it's living the juxtaposition of the mainstream media and the government,
especially in the UK, trying to ban me and convince the world that I'm the devil and that I'm evil.
And at the same time, everyone's saying I'm doing such good things.
And it's certainly highlighted to me exactly how the mainstream establishment works
and how scared they are of making men and people motivated in general.
Because when you're a motivated individual, you pay attention to the things around you
and you're not laying down ready to accept the slave programming.
It happened the other day. I think it was yesterday.
Some idiot from Leeds, I think, with a gun intended on shooting up a mall or something ridiculous.
And the mainstream news article was Andrew Tate fan intends on...
I've never even met this guy.
They're trying to manipulate it in a way where it's down to you sort of thing.
Well, of course. They're going to say anyone who does anything bad who follows me on Twitter is an Andrew Tate fan.
8.8 million people follow me on Twitter.
I'm sure if someone crashes their car, they're not going to say Taylor Swift fan.
They don't care, right?
You could be listening to Taylor Swift driving your car as you plow into a tree and they're not going to mention it.
But it's crazy how the whole establishment works.
And I know my message is good and I know that I'm helping people.
But the scary thing is when you go deeper down the rabbit hole, you understand that that's why they dislike me.
They dislike me because I help people.
They dislike me because I motivate people.
They want to enslave people at the end of the day.
Of course.
We're going to get onto this later on in the podcast.
But rather than making this a part to you, I want to make this almost a continuation from the last podcast.
Okay.
So if you remember at the end of the podcast last time, I gave you a Quran.
Yeah.
Now this is very interesting because at the time you wasn't Muslim then.
Yeah, that's right.
And now Alhamdulillah you are.
Yeah.
So first of all, I want to say welcome to Islam.
Thank you.
And secondly, what I want to say is I know you've said a few times that you don't want to discuss Islam too much on podcasts.
Yeah.
And I completely understand that because at the end of the day, it's nothing to be ashamed of because we're all sinners.
Yeah.
And nothing can get anyone anything perfectly said.
And even me being a born Muslim, and I'd like to say I have a vast amount of knowledge on Islam.
Yeah.
Regardless of what I say, there's still going to be people out there who comment back on what I say because people are different schools of thought, etc.
So what I will say is just like the quiz shows where you've got phone a friend, also the team of Muslim right now, so you've got phone a shake.
So if you've got any answers, any questions that you want answered on this podcast today from a fellow Muslim right here.
Thank you.
Or if I can't get the answer, we'll get the answer for you.
Yeah.
I'm studying it, and I have a huge amount of respect for Islam, and it's one of the only subjects that I am passionate about that I don't know everything about.
Everything else I'm interested in, I can sit and talk about for hours.
Or if I talk about Islam, I feel like there's people far more qualified than me, and I feel like it's disrespectful
because I'm new to it.
I'm a revert, and I'm trying to learn like everybody else.
And yes, I'm famous, and yes, I'm well-known, but my opinion isn't valid compared to someone who's a born Muslim or studied it harder than I have.
Everyone's opinions are valued.
Of course, but I don't consider myself qualified.
Yeah, fair enough.
But how would you say it's shaped your life and your mentality?
You know the best thing about Islam?
The best thing about Islam is how simple it is because there's wrong and right.
It's a simple religion.
Well, it's wrong and right.
I mean, you look at other religions, and it's all so subjective now.
Yeah.
And that's why I've said many times on different podcasts that it's the last true religion.
If you don't have a strong barrier, if you don't have a yes and a no, you don't have a religion.
If you tolerate everything, you stand for nothing.
And if you believe in God and you say, I believe in God, but I'm not a Muslim, I'm going to say, okay, that's fine.
You're a Christian.
What is Christianity anymore?
What does it mean?
You can go to a Christian country, and America, let's take, for example, and you'll get in more trouble for insulting George Floyd than you will for insulting Jesus Christ.
Yeah, for sure.
Literally, you can walk down the street with a T-shirt saying, Jesus is gay.
Girls barely go to church.
If they do, who knows what they were doing the night before.
None of it means anything.
And then if you go and find a Christian that says, this trans person has changed gender, what do you think about that?
Christians are so soft, they're going to go, well, I hope he finds redeem, and I hope he finds guidance.
Haram, bro.
Haram.
No, you didn't.
It's haram.
And I like that it's yes and no.
And what's the point in a religion if you're too afraid to say what you believe in, or afraid to stick up for it, or afraid to defend it?
Then what's the point in any of it?
So I feel like it's the last true religion.
I feel like it's the last religion on the planet.
And it's kind of interesting because I've had, since I have my reversion, I've had lots of conversations with the right-wing conservatives who were upset by my reversion as if I cared.
And a lot of them said to me, oh, yeah, but, you know, it's a Christian country.
We need to restore Christianity to England or wherever, wherever.
And they don't seem to understand that the basic law of the universe is that power vacuums get filled.
This is the basic law of the universe.
If a tiger arrives in a brand-new habitat and there's no other predators, it's going to destroy and eat all the rabbits and it's going to take over.
Anyone who's in the West who's concerned about the spread of Islam should be more worried about the absolute fall of Christianity.
The reason people revert to Islam is because they're looking for God and they can't find God anywhere else.
It's Christianity's fault for being so weak and decadent.
We were discussing this as well as a group earlier on and we were like, the UK majority of it is a Muslim population.
So it's gone past the point where it's now deemed as a Christian country because there's more Muslims than Christians in the first place.
It's the Islamic Republic of Great Britain.
And the thing about it is, it's not even about numbers.
It's about strength of belief.
If you wake up and you want to truly live a religious life and you want to feel like you have religious conviction and you want to feel the fraternity of a religious life and you want to have the boundaries and constraints of a religious life, you're going to be attracted to Islam.
You're not going to be attracted to Christianity because you can wake up and say, I'm a Christian and nothing changes.
Nothing changes and nobody cares.
And that is Christian's fault.
So I've had a lot of people complain at me as if, like I said, as if my personal choices are something I should, I mean, it's kind of, I'm self-analyzing as I talk here.
I find it very, very interesting that Christians look at Islam as a threat as opposed to just understanding that it is a massive power vacuum because Christianity feels godless and you do not feel God in Christianity anymore.
And that's the reason that people are so attracted to Islam.
That's the reason I was attracted to it because I respect it.
How can you, how can you believe in something you don't respect?
I don't know.
And that's a, that's a general question for anything.
You have to respect it.
You have to look and look at the, the creeds and say, okay, I respect that.
I respect how they defend their religion.
I respect how they're black and white on certain issues.
I respect all of these things.
Also, it's kind of interesting because if you want to measure the success of a religion, you can measure it in regards to how many people follow it or like you just said in the UK or how fast it's growing.
But I think the number one measure of success for a religion is how well it preserves the sanctity of a society.
I think that if you want to say, is this a successful religion?
Well, then you'd look at the society, which it governs and say, are the creeds of the religion being adhered to by the society that it governs?
I would argue that most Islamic countries have a Islamic feel.
I would argue you'd avoid a lot of the LGBT garbage.
You'll avoid a lot of the woke insanity or avoid a lot of the feminism, which has destroyed the West and all these things because Islam is being adhered to and it's keeping the society functioning.
Do I go to Christian countries and feel like Christianity is preserving them?
Not really.
What about true hardcore following Christians?
I'll give you an example.
Obviously, you're just coming off the back of doing a podcast.
It was George Janko.
Now, I love that podcast purely because you guys were talking about religion, you being a Muslim.
And he seems like, I haven't met him obviously, but a true following Christian.
And it's funny because when I see a true following Christian, when I see a true following Christian,
it's like, you're so close to Islam, but you're just a couple of places where you're going wrong.
Yeah.
So when I saw that, I was like, shout out to George, because one day, you never know, man could be Muslim himself.
Well, yeah, it's kind of interesting.
Christians must feel a deep resentment towards Muslims, especially the true believers, because we stick up for what we believe in.
And they want to, but they can't because their own religion has become so woke and almost betrayed them.
How can you stand up and say, I'm a Christian and I mean it, and you better, when they have gay preachers?
It doesn't make any sense.
And your fellow Christians will turn on you and call you a bigot.
Your fellow Christians will call you a bigot and call you hateful for saying that a man shouldn't chop his dick off.
And then you're going to sit there and say, I'm a true Christian.
Yeah, it doesn't work.
So all the Christians I speak to who truly believe, and I've spoken to a lot of them, they are very envious of Islam.
And then I'm like, well, then what's the delay?
But they feel like an affinity to Christianity because they were raised with Christianity or they're born Christian.
And perhaps they see Islam as a Middle Eastern religion, which is kind of interesting because Christianity is a Middle Eastern religion.
Yeah.
They're from the same place.
Yeah, they all spiral from the same, they stem from the same country as the Middle East.
I read somewhere that only 18% of Muslims are even Arab.
I think the largest, there's obviously a huge black purport and Indonesia is a massively Islamic country.
Malaysia.
I think Islam just crossed over three and a half billion Muslims globally.
That's more than half the population of the world.
If you believe in God, I don't see how you cannot be a Muslim.
I just don't see the attraction to any other religion that makes any kind of sense.
And you can also look at this, and this is why I'm careful to discuss this subject.
I don't want to get in trouble with people who know more than me.
But you can also look at this from the ideological and the theologian standpoint in regards to what happens after we die and superpowers and Allah and Muhammad, peace be upon him, and all these things that we don't quite understand.
But you can also discuss it right here on earth with what you see, like I said about preserving the sanctity of a society.
So you sit and say, okay, well, if you're Christian, how is Christianity saving your children from the oncoming enslavement?
How is Christianity saving your children from the slave mind programming?
How is Christianity protecting you?
How is Christianity helping your neighbors?
How is Christianity preserving anything?
Whereas Islam, it's kind of interesting because someone else said this who was smarter than I, and I can't remember where I heard it from.
But they said, whenever you see a post-apocalyptic Christian society in a movie, it's just the purge and everyone's out to kill each other.
When the meteors hit or whatever, and America's under attack, there's snipers on the roof, and everyone's trying to get food, and everyone's struggling.
Whereas if you look at a post-apocalyptic Islamic society, which exists right now, they're on the earth right now, they function, and people still love each other.
And it's the belief in God that keeps them together.
I mean, there's no legal system in Gaza that's stopping people from committing crime.
It's God.
And it's God alone.
And then you sit and say, okay, well, the strength of that religion, even in the harshest possible conditions, can preserve, to a degree, the sanctity of society and human nature.
I don't think a Christian country could do that.
If you put a Christian country under the level of destruction Gaza's currently going through, I don't think people would sit and say, ah, well, Jesus says I shouldn't steal.
In fact, if you look at what happens during natural disasters in America, it's the absolute opposite.
It's just looting and chaos.
What is a Christian country anymore?
I don't know.
What is a Christian country?
A guy in America recently just got charged for a hate crime for taking down a statue of the devil that they had erected in a church.
I'm mind blown.
A statue of a devil in a church.
They put a statue of the devil in a church.
That would make sense.
He walked in there and ripped it down, and he's being charged with a hate crime.
So I feel like if I want to get conspiratorial, which of course is unlike me, but if I want to, I feel like God is the final barrier.
The final barrier to the slave programming is always going to be God because there's a firm right and there's a firm wrong.
They're going to come along and convince us all that the sky is green, and it's unfortunate because slowly they're going to win.
Right now, we laugh at the fact that a man can chop his dick off and become a girl.
We laugh at that, but our great-grandchildren won't laugh at that idea.
Unfortunately, slowly they're creeping in, and the only barrier to this insanity, the final protection, is God, the book that says yes and no.
Simple.
So would you say, just a quick one, sorry to disturb you there, would you say the answer to getting out of that and being part of the group where we don't believe what they say regardless is religion?
Guys, listen, one of today's sponsors doing something absolutely crazy for you listeners.
Check this.
If you want to learn how to trade or struggling to be profitable as a trader, Jesse, who you can find on YouTube as CasperSMC, is guaranteeing any listener who applies for mentorship through the link in the description will get funded as a trader, or he'll work directly with you until you do.
In just the last 90 days, Jesse's hoped over 100 people get funded in his mentorship, and most of these guys never made a single dollar in trading before.
And as an extra bonus, Jesse even threw in a gift exclusive to this episode's listeners.
And that's the trading strategy he's used in 30 days leading up to today's episode to clear $100,000 in profits.
You can get more info on Jesse's mentorship and the 100k strategy in 30 days using the link in the description below.
I do know Jesse has limited spots in his mentorship, so if you are interested in that, take a moment to apply while enrollment is open.
Once again, the link is in the description below, so make sure you apply.
Oh, it is, but it's only Islam. This is the point, because Christianity is under such heavy attack now, and they've watered it down and diluted it so deliberately.
They've done that. They want to do it to Islam. They're going to try very hard, but it's not going to be easy.
It's still going to be a lot harder, whereas Christianity doesn't protect anything anymore.
There's no firm right and there's no firm wrong.
Exactly. So that's why Christianity is under deliberate attack, because they don't want people to be religious, because when you're religious, you're going to have a firm right and a firm wrong.
The primary goal of the matrix and the primary goal is for them to get you in a position where you'll accept the slave programming, regardless of what your own eyes tell you.
That's their primary goal. Their primary goal is for you to walk through life with a mask on, full of vaccine, seeing everyone around you fully functioning and healthy and scared of a pandemic, or walking through life and meeting a nice gentleman and calling him a man.
That's what they want. They want you to ignore your eyes.
And it's unfortunate. They've already got a huge percentage of the populace there who will walk outside and see the sky is blue, watch the news and being told it's pink, and look at it and go, oh, I must have made a mistake.
It's pink.
Yeah, I must have made a mistake, yeah.
So that's their primary goal, and religion prevents that.
So they've come along and they've deliberately assaulted God, and they've assaulted the Christian faith, and it was a test for the Christian people to stand up and resist, and they failed.
So when they complain now about Islam conquering Western nations, I say, well, you've failed.
You've failed. You've failed. It's now a power vacuum. Power vacuums get filled, and anybody with a true heart and true conviction who truly wants to respect God is going to be attracted to the Islamic faith because you have failed.
I don't want—bro, if you're going to go to war, which I just described, because war is nothing other than controlling of ideas.
That's all war is. The reason we send tanks to some random field and blow things apart is to gain influence over a geographical area so we can control—
Gain power, yeah.
Yeah, to control the ideas of that area.
So I just described a war to you. It's a spiritual war, but it is a genuine war.
If I'm going to go to war against Satanists who are going to try and poison my children and enslave me, who do I want on my team?
Think about it. You're about to go into a bar fight.
You want to roll with the Gs or you want to roll with a bunch of pussies?
It's a war.
Bro, and if every time I say to Christians, bro, look what they're doing to Christianity, and their answer is, yeah, well, yeah, I pray for them.
Bro, no. Haram. Haram. Haram.
It's interesting. It's interesting because, speaking about it now, everything you just said there is pretty much written in the Quran that there's going to be a war coming against the Muslims versus the rest, in a sense of, well, they're going to try and take everyone away from Islam and try and do that.
But obviously the true Islam are going to stay there.
Now, it's interesting because with recent technologies, what I've heard in Islam is that the way they try to do it is they want to combine technology with human to create the same power as God, right?
Now, I look at things like, this might be a conspiracy once again, but the new Apple Vision Pro that's just come out.
I look at that and thinking, so you basically want everyone to wear headsets out and about around the whole world and just live, that's fully living in the matrix.
The new matrix, bro. Yeah, it's scary. And like I said, we will laugh at that, but as technology progresses and our children's children, you're right.
People are going to be living in completely in a digital world with little glasses on.
I mean, I'm not going to lie to you. I've seen the Apple Vision Pro. I've seen some of the things it can do.
I refuse to put it on because I have balls, so I can't. But once they reduce it to, let's say, the size of my sunglasses.
Yeah, then it's going to be scary.
It's going to be crazy, right? And that's where technology is going. It's heading in one direction.
And that's actually the most interesting thing, because empires rise and fall, and we can discuss the falling of the Western Hemisphere at length.
But usually geopolitically, as empires rise and fall, another empire comes and fills the vacuum, as we talked about power vacuums.
And I feel like this is the first time in human history where, as the Western Empire falls, which it is,
it's going to be replaced with this global technological enslavement program.
There's going to be some server somewhere in Angola where no one knows where it is, and it's going to control everything and everybody.
And it's not just a matter of geopolitical influence waning and politicians falling and things like used to happen before.
It's actually a lot more scary. And the globalism is coming, and it can't be avoided.
And I guess it's kind of like gunpowder technology like this. You can't avoid its progression.
It's going to be used. It can be used for good. It can be used for bad.
But how do you try and prepare yourself for that and counter it? It's super interesting.
And we need God more than ever, that's for sure.
Definitely. I'm going to transition the podcast now to a point where, going back again in Timeline Order,
we had done the podcast in May 2022, I think it was a while ago.
And then, you know, you had your meteoric rise throughout the rest of 2022. It was crazy.
And then we could organize to do a part two in Dubai over New Year's period.
And you were saying, come on the boat party, come and live the life, we'll do the podcast.
I was like, yes, sick. So let me give you guys, the audience, a story.
Going to Dubai now, spent about two grand on the ticket, got there.
Literally, as soon as I've landed, open up Instagram.
And it says there, it's all over Instagram, Andrew Tate, detain in Romania.
So we're like, oh, shit, detain in Romania.
Okay, cool. But you know what? He's going to be there for a couple of days.
He'll be all right. You know what? We're here for two weeks.
He'll be back. He'll be back.
And there was literally just no sign of what's happening and all that sort of stuff.
So I know you've spoken a lot on the whole jail situation, the prison situation.
But I just want to know, as it stands right now, currently 2023, the date is 13th of February,
day before Valentine's Day.
Where do we stand in terms of the system?
And, you know, obviously right now you're on Romania arrest, can't leave the country.
But where do we stand? Where do you go from here?
Yeah, the wheels of justice turn slowly.
And I'm currently trapped within the country of Romania,
but I can go anywhere I want inside of the country.
I'm on bail, I guess, effectively.
Okay, so I'm going to pick up on one word you just said there.
Trapped. Why trapped?
Well, I see myself as trapped because I see myself as completely innocent.
It's kind of crazy how the world has moved.
We just talked about how they're going to assault religion.
But I believe all of these things are actually interweb, interlinked.
It's a large web.
And I think that religion is also very closely linked to masculinity as a whole.
And I think that a man who is strong of conviction, who believes in God,
is something that they fear.
So they also attack masculinity.
And they do that by promoting feminism and also removing any man's capability
or abilities to be masculine at any point.
And they do that by empowering women,
but also empowering the legal system to destroy men at random in the name of women.
So I was accused, obviously, of the complete garbage charge of human trafficking
via the lover boy method.
And what they're saying is, by being nice to people, I've convinced them to do some work.
And I stole the money.
And the funny thing about it is they never worked.
I never took the money.
But the fact that they're trying to say that being nice to a girl now is manipulation.
So if you beat a girl, you go to jail.
If you grab a girl by her hair, you go to jail.
If you say, excuse me, please, can you come over here?
You go to jail.
So you can't escape this insanity anymore.
And they're doing it on purpose to remove any capability at all for you to be a man.
Women have all the control.
We live in a matriarchy.
The law is always on their side.
They can lie.
They can make things up.
They're out to destroy you as a man no matter what.
They run the household because if you say anything to her, you're going to go to jail.
If there's divorces, you should take all your stuff.
Like, it's a matriarchy we live under.
And it's very purposeful.
And it's kind of scary.
I was talking to a friend the other day.
And he was saying, so your charges are you were nice to a girl and asked her to do TikTok and keep the money.
I said, no, I didn't ask her to do anything.
I was nice to a girl who had a TikTok account.
And they're saying I stole the money from the TikTok account.
They have no proof of this.
And he said, bro, I know loads of guys who are nice to girls and buy them handbags.
Every girl in Dubai is human trafficked.
I was like, well, that's the exact point.
No one's not human trafficked now.
So everyone's human trafficked.
And the true objective of all of this insanity and the reason they attacked me, I don't know if you knew this,
but I was arrested on the same day that Jeffrey Epstein had a huge break in his case.
Oh, really?
Yeah, oh yeah.
Type in human trafficking and it's only Andrew Tate.
It doesn't say anything about Jeffrey Epstein's case.
The same people who were on Jeffrey Epstein's island are saying I'm dangerous.
And my ideas are dangerous and I'm a human trafficker because I have girls who I know who have TikTok accounts.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And they found messages between me and the girls when the girls said, I want to get famous on TikTok.
You're famous on TikTok.
How do I get famous on TikTok?
I said, post it this time, post it this time, post it this time.
Human trafficking.
The whole point of this insanity is that everybody is guilty all of the time.
And I don't think most people at home watching this understand if you are a red-blooded male in the world today, you are guilty of crimes.
And if they come and they get your phone and they look through it, you are guilty.
The time you said to your wife, I'll be home soon, is dinner ready, is controlling behavior.
The time you sold your phone without paying taxes.
The time you recorded yourself driving, breaking the speed limit.
The time they'll get your phone and they will wreck you.
And by the time they put those eight cases together, you hire a lawyer, you're on bail, you go to trial, and they waste three years of your life.
They bankrupt you.
And you're stuck in this legal quagmire of lawfare.
And it's kind of interesting that most people don't seem to understand.
When this happened to me, I kept saying on podcasts before it happened, they're going to arrest me.
My second life, they're going to get me.
Yeah, you kept saying the three strikes.
Three strikes.
I said, first they try and cancel you.
If that fails, they put you in jail for a bullshit reason.
If that fails, they kill you.
And I said, they're going to arrest me.
And I kept warning everyone.
And then it came and people are like, why don't you just get a lawyer?
How stupid do you have to be to think that you just get a lawyer?
It's a matrix attack.
It's a clown world attack.
The whole point is that everybody's guilty of everything all the time.
And nobody who's been inside the legal system, if you haven't been through the quagmire of it yet, you don't understand exactly how guilty you are.
I guarantee you, every single person watching this right now, if they get hold of your mobile phone and they get the password, they will find charges.
Yeah, they can build something against you.
Of course they can.
They can see the other phones you were in a vicinity with.
You could be walking through the mall and you walk past a drug dealer at the wrong time.
That's enough for them.
They will get something and they will wreck you.
And if you're not changing your phone once a month, well, then you're walking around with criminal charges in your pocket.
And this is the reality of it.
So if you ever get too large, if you ever say things they don't like, because your ability to speak freely is directly correlated with your insignificance.
You're only allowed to speak freely if no one listens.
If people listen, then you have to be a lot more careful with what you say.
Then they come along, they get your phone, and they find any excuse they can to charge you.
And what did they do with me?
They found me giving timings to girls who have TikTok accounts saying, well, if you post it this time, you'll get more views.
And they charge me with human trafficking.
The people who were on Epstein's Island then used a media machine.
The people who were on Epstein's Island used a media machine.
It literally happened recently as well with Epstein's Island thing.
There was a whole thing that came up about it, and I can't remember what it was, the article that they covered it up with.
But literally, anything just gets swiped under the rug.
The people who were on Epstein's Island used the media machine to convince everyone at home that I'm a human trafficker
because I said what time to post on TikTok to some friends who said they were not human traffic.
The girls themselves are saying, we're not human traffic.
This is insane.
Let him go.
So it's a matrix attack, and you have to understand that you live under a system in which the government will pretend they protect you.
But truthfully, the government is out for itself, and the government is aiming to get forever and endless control of your life.
Every single government's objective is some form of communism where they control everything.
They don't care about the prosperity.
They don't care about making money.
These things are kind of an illusion.
Many people say, oh, yeah, but the government wouldn't do that
because they need people to have businesses.
They need people to make money.
They print the money.
They make up the money.
And they don't care if you starve because they'll always eat.
If they cared about money, why was COVID everyone locked in their house?
Why did everyone's business get closed during COVID if they cared about money?
No, they never cared about money.
They don't care.
What they care about is control.
And not enough people go to sleep at night realizing that every day you wake up,
the government makes new laws.
Has the government ever taken a law away?
When's the last time the government said, we have too many laws?
Give me the book.
Let's throw some of this trash away.
No, every day there's new ones.
And if you make new laws every single day, you're eventually heading towards slavery.
That's the end goal of it is slavery.
And we're not far off slavery now.
I think a lot of people don't realize that the idea of slavery is we're going to get somebody,
force them to work, leave them in a house that we've given them and give them some food,
and we're going to force them to work.
But doing that is extremely difficult.
It's actually not efficient because you have to force someone to do a job they don't want to do,
which is very hard to do.
You have to stop them running away.
You need an army.
You need a fence.
It's very difficult.
It's actually much easier to pay them a little bit of money,
and they spend all that money on their house and their food,
and they believe they have free will.
And now they don't realize they're a slave anymore.
Because if you're a slave, you get kidnapped, and you get told to work,
and you get a house and food.
If I say, oh, I don't have to kidnap you.
Oh, here's a nice opportunity for you.
Come do this job.
It's an opportunity.
And then you work, and you spend all your money on a house and food.
Now you think you're free, and you're actually a slave.
Yeah, you're still in it.
Of course.
And the primary, the best prison on earth is going to be the one you don't realize you're in.
That's the goal is to keep the wool over everyone's eyes.
Most people don't realize they're in a jail.
They wake up at 7 a.m., and they go to a job, and they work hard all day,
and they come home, and they have no time for their family,
and they barely pay their bills, and they barely afford to eat,
and they have no money left at the end of the month,
and they somehow think they're free.
And they sit there, and they watch the news, and the news lies to them,
and they've got vaccine in their arm, and they can't fly anywhere because they can't afford it,
or if their boss will give them leave.
And they somehow believe they're free.
You're a slave.
They believe they're free when their boss signs annual leave.
They're like, yeah, freedom.
You ain't enough freedom.
It's absolutely.
It's slave world, and it's kind of crazy because even when I was in jail,
I was talking to Tristan, and we were saying this.
Most people on the outside are less free than us here in jail.
Yeah.
At least I can feed my family and feed my children.
At least I can fly people I love all around the world at random.
It's kind of crazy, but all of this, all of these things that are done
is to ensure that the controlling class and the elites have as much control over the populace as possible.
That's the end goal of it all, and I don't think most people understand that.
I'm interested to know, what was it like for you to be without your kids?
Because obviously, last time we'd done a podcast, you didn't reveal you had kids.
Yeah.
But now that people know that you have kids and aware of it,
what was it like for you to be without them for so long?
Yeah.
And have you ever been without them for so long on that scale before?
No, never.
But I'm lucky they're relatively young.
But I feel like jail is just part of life.
It's kind of interesting.
I don't know if there's a name for this theory.
It might be called the high-low theory.
I don't know if that's true.
I might have just made that up off the top of my head.
But people who are at the bottom rung of society
and people who are at the absolute top rung of society live similar lives,
and the people in the middle avoid certain things.
I'll give you an example.
The homeless people didn't get the vaccine.
The billionaires didn't get the vaccine.
The people in the middle got the vaccine.
The homeless people are stuck in endless legal battles
and going to jail and need a lawyer and getting arrested, et cetera.
The people at the top are stuck in endless legal battles
and going to jail and needing a lawyer and getting arrested.
And somewhere in the middle, you can avoid these things.
You can sit in the middle and go,
oh, I'm so glad I don't go to jail.
I'm just going to pay my mortgage, and I'm just going to work really hard,
and I'm just going to be quiet.
I'm not going to have an opinion, and I'm going to listen to the BBC,
and I'm not going to post it on Facebook,
and I'm just going to sit there and be a good slave.
But if you're on the top or the bottom,
you're kind of stuck in the same scenarios.
And if you get to a high echelon,
the highest echelons of life,
you're going to deal with this crap.
You're going to go to jail.
You're going to catch a case.
If you make a bunch of money, you're going to catch a case.
If you're at home right now,
and you're thinking, I want to become a millionaire, that's fine.
But if you want to make 20, 30, 40 million dollars,
and you're from nothing, you're from a council estate like me,
and you want to end up with, well, I have hundreds of millions of dollars,
but let's say you want to make 30 mil.
There is no way you're getting there without catching a case.
The feds are going to jump on you.
You're going to get tax evasion, money laundering,
some girl's going to want some money.
You're going to end up in a jail cell.
I guarantee it.
Would you say, because in that case,
it's not normal for someone to come from a council estate
to make 30, 100 million?
I think it's because there's the universal law of the,
there's the law of the universe,
and it's absolutely universal,
and there's some laws which are man-made,
and there's some laws which are dictated by God himself
that you can't avoid,
and there is no light without dark.
There is no light without dark.
You're not going to be able to go from a looting council estate
to paying yourself two or three million dollars a week
without catching a case.
You're going to end up caught,
whether I ran my mouth or not.
I sit here and tell the truth
because I believe it's my duty,
and I believe the reason I have such a large platform
is so that I can inspire people
to resist the slavery of the matrix,
but you're always going to do these things.
So if anyone is at home is actually truly ambitious
and understands and want to make a whole bunch of money,
that's great,
but you have to be prepared for the good and the bad.
It's actually asinine and awfully childish
for people to want an exceptional life
and think that exceptionalism is only the positive.
People say, I don't want a normal life.
I want a great life.
Okay, you don't want a normal life.
Well, guess what's not normal?
Private jets with your Bugatti being flown over to Dubai
waiting for you and Romanian dungeons.
They're both not normal scenarios.
You can't have one without the other.
And if you truly want to be free
or you want to feel like you're free,
you're going to pay the price for that.
So I think like,
especially as the world continues to spiral
towards authoritarianism,
especially as people begin to wake up
and want to tell the truth,
especially as they try to control all of us even harder
with the economic mechanisms they have,
if you're out here looking to make a bunch of money,
you need to also prepare yourself for a case
and prepare yourself for jail.
So would you say it's impossible
or very, very unlikely
for someone to have the Bugatti private jet lifestyle
and not have the other side of things
where Romanian dungeon?
Okay, well, let's talk about that.
So you have to remove all the attack vectors.
Let's say I wanted to get as rich as possible
and I wanted to make sure no matter what,
I didn't go to jail.
Okay, that's fine.
But then you're going to end up
removing the joys of life
because it's the joy of life that's the attack vector.
It's actually funny.
I said something the other day to my brother.
I said, all the men I know just want to work.
If you ask me what I want to do when I wake up, work.
What am I doing on Sunday, work.
All I do is work.
All the women I know just want to have fun.
And fun is where the problems come.
All the fun is the sin and the haramities and the garbage.
Fun is danger, right?
So it's the same.
You have a nice Ferrari, you have a Bugatti,
you want to drive it really fast,
you're well-known in your city, that's problems.
You want to go out to the club
and hang around with a bunch of girls, that's problems.
Anything you do once you get rich,
they're going to use against you.
So you're saying, how do you get rich
without ending up in trouble?
Well, then what's the point in being rich
if you're just going to sit in your house and behave?
Like what's the point in being rich
if you're just going to sit in your house
and lock the door and be scared of everything?
If you're a rich person and you go out
and you go to a nightclub or you go to a restaurant
or you try and talk to a girl on Instagram,
that's enough, that's a case.
That's it, it's done.
That's done.
You can do it when you're broke.
When you're broke, you can go up to a chick
and say, hey, you're beautiful,
and she'll say, go away.
When you're rich and you go up and say,
excuse me, you're beautiful, she says, go away.
And then she realizes who you were
and how rich you were and she'll change her mind.
And she'll message you.
And then if you ignore her,
she'll say you sexually assaulted her.
And now you've got a police case.
That's the world now.
So you can't avoid these things.
There's no light without dark.
And I also think that it would be cowardice
to say, I want to get as rich as possible.
I want to make sure nothing bad happens to me.
Listen, this is the universal law
of how the world has always worked.
If you're going to be a warlord
and you can talk about it financially,
it's financial war, business is war.
If you're going to be a warlord,
you're going to go to war.
So what I will say is,
though you did say, you know,
your children are young
and they didn't really quite understand,
I'm just going to go back to that point
because though they may not understand,
I haven't got kids,
but I can imagine that if I did,
I'd still be thinking,
regardless, even if they're just born,
I'd still be thinking,
is everything going all right with them?
Oh yeah.
Because you don't, correct me if I'm wrong,
you didn't have communication
with the outside world
apart from talking to your lawyer, right?
Yeah, I had a couple phone calls,
but not too many.
And my primary problem in jail
was making sure everyone else was taken care of.
I wasn't worried about myself.
That's what I'm saying, yeah.
Yeah, and this goes back to the point
I was making earlier.
See, a lot of people want to make money
and because they don't understand
how the government operates,
because they don't understand
what the Matrix is trying to do,
because they don't understand
that they're guilty of everything all the time
just because they're a man,
because they don't understand
that trying to become financially free
is direct attack on the Matrix.
They've convinced you
that they want people
to become financially free
because it's good for the economy.
That's garbage.
No, they want you enslaved, all of you.
You are attacking the Matrix in many forms
and you need to prepare for jail.
And things like my children,
I was prepared in advance for jail.
I kept saying they're going to send me.
If I had not prepared properly,
everyone, including myself, would be destitute.
My family would be destitute.
My children would have starved.
I would be destitute.
I've been arrested a year and a half ago
that my bank accounts were seized
on the day of my arrest.
I haven't had a dollar,
not a dollar since that day.
And I pulled up an SF9.
So how did I do that?
How did I do that?
Well, I did that by thinking ahead.
And you have to ask the average person at home.
And I'll ask you now,
please, as a professional,
answer the following question.
If they take your passport
and they take all the bank accounts in your name
and they take all of your cryptocurrency accounts
in your name
and they seize your house
because your house is a mortgage
and they're going to find out what that is
and they're going to get a new piece of paper
from a judge
and they're going to seize that.
What do you have left?
And where?
And can you access it?
Can you access it from jail?
How do you move that money around?
How do you pay for people?
Where is it?
People don't even think ahead.
They save up some money
and they put it in their NatWest
and they're like,
oh, I'm free.
You're not free of anything.
NatWest will take that off you.
It takes a second,
one phone call.
Yeah, the same way you said
in the last podcast,
if you really own a house,
they could take that in a split second
as well.
Of course, you don't own anything.
So then you have to sit and go,
okay, how do I prepare
for the ultimate level of matrix attack
with my money?
Well, you can put things
in other people's name.
That's one way.
But then if they work out
who those people are,
they're going to take that too.
So then you have to sit and realize,
well, how do the elites do it?
The elites don't own anything.
Trust funds own things,
companies own things,
foreign entities own things,
shell companies own things.
So then you have to go deeper
down the rabbit hole
and realize that you need
to start setting up
these extremely elaborate
corporate structures
just to protect your car
because otherwise
you're going to lose it.
So most people at home,
and the reason I say these things,
most people at home
don't realize how fragile they are.
And you're very fragile
if you're broke,
but you're also very fragile
if you're rich
and you're not prepared
for the matrix attack
because it's going to come.
It's going to come for you.
And if you're not prepared for it,
they're going to take
everything you own
and you're going to be destitute.
Like I said,
a year and four months,
I haven't had access
officially to $1.
How am I supposed to live
for a year and four months
with no money,
no food,
no gas,
no pain for my children,
nothing?
Well, you tell me,
how are you doing it?
Let me think of an excuse.
Because that is
a very interesting question.
The thing that intrigues me
as well there
is the crypto
because to what everyone
seems to believe.
They took everything off
all the excuses.
Yeah, and everyone seems to believe
that crypto is decentralized
government can't touch it.
No one can touch it
apart from you.
Yeah, no, no.
If you have a Binance account
or any of these accounts,
they'll find them
and they'll take it all.
So you have to prepare yourself
for these things.
And that's one thing
I'm not going to say
because I'm still currently on bail.
Yeah, of course.
You have to prepare yourself
for these things.
And it takes diligent work.
There's so much work
for you to do as a man.
I don't know how people even,
I barely sleep
and I never not work
and I never lay in.
I'm never lazy
and I don't understand
how people don't work
all of the time.
And when I say that,
people say,
but work on what?
I don't know what to work on.
Bro, you need 10 passports.
You need 25 bank accounts.
You need shell companies.
You need a trust fund.
You need to make some money.
You then need to move
that money away.
You need multiple places to live.
You need a place
for your children to live.
They need a trust fund.
You have stuff to do.
And people are just sitting around
doing nothing.
It's mind-boggling to me.
And I guess if you sit around
and do nothing,
maybe you won't be successful.
But if you're lucky enough
to pull something off
and make a little bit of money
and you get too large,
but you haven't done the groundwork,
then you get wrecked the other way.
They want people
inside of their slave containers.
They want everyone in the middle.
All of the laws are made
to control the people in the middle.
So they want as many people
as possible in the middle.
Like we just discussed the vaccine.
They can't enforce it
against the homeless.
They can't enforce it
against the billionaires.
They've stopped enforcing it
altogether.
Well, they have now.
But let me give you another example.
Taxes.
They can't enforce taxes
against a homeless man
and they can't enforce taxes
against a billionaire.
They can only enforce taxes
against the people in the middle.
Because when you make a law,
you have to make the law
so that it applies
to as many people as possible.
So what they try and do
is force everyone
into this middle bracket,
middle class.
The middle class
and the goal
is to get everyone in there
so they can wreck them
with the law.
It's only the middle class
that are afraid of the law.
It's the middle class
that's afraid of getting
a speeding ticket.
Because if he gets
a speeding ticket
and he doesn't pay
the speeding ticket
then it goes to a bailiff
and the bailiff turns up
to his house
and he can't run away
because the house is his
and it's in a mortgage
and if he doesn't pay it
they're going to take
the house off him
and seize his car
and he has to pay
that speeding ticket.
If you give some homeless bum
who just stole a car
a speeding ticket,
he doesn't care.
And if you give a billionaire
a speeding ticket,
it never even arrives
at his house.
It ends up going to some
foreign shell company
in the Cook Islands
that owns the Ferrari
he's borrowing.
So only in the middle
you get screwed by the law
so they try and keep
everyone in the middle.
That's what they do.
So they'll pretend
they want to help homelessness
and pretend they want
to help people at the bottom
to elevate them up
to this middle class
where they can wreck them
and they also drag everyone
from the top down
as much as possible
because they want them
in the middle
so they can wreck you.
And all of the laws
are made with this in mind.
So if you're going to be
truly rich like I am
and also what I did,
my capital crime
was preaching freedom
and inspiring freedom.
The reason they dislike me
so heavily
is because I inspire freedom
amongst the populace.
Young boys look at me
and go,
I don't want to do the things
The Matrix tells me to do.
I want to be like Andrew Tate.
But this is what I said
like in the beginning
of the podcast.
I said,
I thank you
because I've seen people
turn businesses
within two years
to six figures.
And to them,
that's their definition
of freedom.
They're now in the upper
echelon of society
and that's thanks to you.
So it's the same thing.
You're inspiring them
to do so
and you're still
inspiring people
to do so.
Well,
I'm doing my best
and I'm a symbol
of resistance.
I'm a symbol
of masculine imperative
and I'm a symbol
of freedom
and they find me scary
for that reason
and when they want to,
I mean,
they can't put everyone
in jail, right?
And they want to keep
the population enslaved
so what they're thinking
is if we chop off
the head of the snake
and we get rid
of Andrew Tate,
our job will be easier.
Yeah.
But unfortunately for them
it's not working so far
so they're going to have
to assassinate me it seems.
So while you're lighting that up,
I'm going to transition
this podcast a bit.
Cool.
There was a recent documentary
that come out in the UK.
I'm not going to say
what a documentary is
because I don't think
they deserve any more clout
than it is.
But I remember
when this documentary
was getting released
there was a trailer
that showcased
your full lifestyle.
Cigars,
Bugatti,
Private Jet.
And I was like,
hmm,
this documentary
seems interesting
because I don't know
what angle they're coming at.
So anyway,
I watched this podcast,
they showed the lifestyle,
they showed everything
and obviously it was
a full on Matrix
attack documentary.
But one thing I highlighted
from that documentary
which was one of the things
they said
and I'm pretty sure
the exact words were
from one of the producers
or something like that
is Andrew Tate
from early days
has always chased fame.
And they said that
in the form of
Big Brother
kickboxing their users.
They were saying,
you know,
that's a great way
to get famous.
So what do you say
to that statement there?
Oh,
trying to be successful.
Ah,
I'm the worst person
in the world.
Andrew Tate's trying
to be successful.
Quickly,
put him in jail.
Once again,
Matrix attack,
mind garbage.
They're trying
to enslave people.
Don't be a kickboxer.
Don't get up every day,
go running,
train hard,
get strong,
be brave,
enter the ring,
honorable combat.
Don't do that.
No,
don't do anything
of significance
because if you do
anything of significance,
you're trying
to become famous.
That makes you
a bad person.
How dare you
be significant?
Significance and fame
are the same thing.
I think it's
the masculine imperative
to be a man.
What does a male peacock
do?
It shows its feathers.
Hi,
look.
Yeah,
I'll kick the shit
out of you.
I'll kick the shit
out of you.
I'll see you
on February 10th,
pussy.
Of course.
What does that make me?
Does that make me
fame hungry?
It's just,
God,
what are they,
what they're hoping
is that some kid
will sit there
and go,
okay,
so if I try
to be anything,
that's bad.
I'll just sit
and be a Matrix slave.
That's what they want.
What's funny is
I don't think anybody
believes these clowns anymore.
I don't know
who is watching the BBC
and believes
a single word
they say.
I guess the boomers,
the old people,
but mainstream media
is dying.
I've been a huge part
of the attack
on the MSM.
I've been a massive part
of the crack
on the Matrix,
which is why
they hate me so much.
It's why they're
trying to get rid of me.
I've never watched
that documentary.
The funnest thing
about it,
all this,
the thing that's great,
the amount of haters
and the amount
of documentaries,
the amount of garbage
that's made about me,
I've never watched
any of it.
And I kind of find
it interesting,
even as we speak
right now,
and I'll say this publicly,
as we speak right now,
the UK is trying
to put me in jail.
England,
because Romania has failed,
so England has picked up.
And England's coming up
to me with all this garbage
and they're going to try
and charge me soon
with some imaginary crimes.
Maybe as well
to drop the documentary.
Well, there you go.
Of course,
because you have to,
first you have to
poison the public's mind.
Yep, yep, yep.
To believe that,
you are this evil guy.
So the UK is trying
to put me in jail.
And I'm saying this now
on this podcast,
everyone listen to me,
the UK is coming next.
Romania's failed,
UK's picked it up.
And as the UK
try and put me in jail,
I sit and I wonder,
I say,
imagine being a prosecutor.
I probably shouldn't
say this stuff,
I'm just going to say it.
And you get paid,
I don't know,
three grand a month
or whatever,
two grand a month.
And you're sitting there
just looking through
my whole life
for months.
Oh, he made money.
Oh, that's a lot of money.
That must be a crime.
Ferrari,
oh, that's a crime.
Oh my God,
and he has a nice watch.
Crime.
And you're just sitting there.
The obsession.
And for like six months,
just sitting there.
Just un-
Obsessed, yeah.
You're like,
it's kind of weird
that there's all these
full-grown adults
with this much obsession,
making documentaries,
trying to take me down,
prosecutors in dark rooms
going through my life
trying to take me down,
ex-girlfriend blowing up my phone
who I don't reply to anymore.
Everyone's just like,
it's weird.
And I just wake up going,
there's so many other people's lives
which are just intertwined with mine
or obsessed with the idea
of trying to be involved in mine.
It's actually very weird.
I don't know who made that documentary.
I don't care.
I'm not going to watch it
because it's garbage
and my time is valuable.
And everything they produce is garbage.
Yep.
And the idea that they're going to say
that trying to become significant
in the world is a bad thing
because they see it as chasing fame.
No, I see it as becoming significant.
Did Genghis Khan chase fame?
Hmm, no.
Well, he just wanted to conquer the world.
Yeah, but he became famous
because of that.
And now we know his name.
Yeah.
And the people who didn't want
to conquer the world,
guess what happened to them?
They woke up,
the Matrix-minded slaves from back then,
the people who watched the BBC
of those days,
and they woke up and said,
I don't want to be a bad person.
I want to be a good person.
I don't want to chase fame.
And what they did is
they sat there on their little chair
and waited for the marauding horde
of the Huns
to come over the hill
and chop their head off.
And that's what they did
and they died to nobody.
So the people who didn't chase fame
got murdered
and the women got stolen from them.
And the ones who did chase fame
had empires.
Yeah.
So whoever that dipshit
who made that documentary is,
I would sit with him
and argue with him
to end of Earth.
But the funny thing is,
I guarantee if I were to sit
across from him,
he's a dummy.
He's probably a bit slow.
He's Matrix-minded
and he's an idiot.
And nobody believes
what he says anyway.
So I'm flabbergasted
these people say these things
without embarrassment or remorse.
I'm such a professional
and so hard on myself.
If I said something so asinine,
I would feel genuine guilt.
I would have to issue
some kind of public apology.
These clowns just go through Earth
talking crap
and never even look in the mirror
and go,
I'm an idiot.
I'm an idiot
and nobody believes me.
It's crazy.
But I guess this is part
of the propaganda campaign
because the UK is now
ramping up its legal attack on me
and they want to put me in jail
for some reason
because Romania has failed
so now they're going to try
so they're going to try
and poison public mind first.
Which makes another thing interesting
and we're going to say this
on the podcast
because why not?
People say to me,
oh, you're in Romania,
you're going through
the Romanian legal system,
isn't that scary?
Do you think it's corrupt?
And I say,
well, the Romanian legal system
is not as politically charged
as the West.
Do I have a fairer shot
in a UK court
where members of Parliament
discuss how I am dangerous
and should be in jail?
I mean,
they've already banned you
from schools and stuff like that.
Do I hit a fair trial in England?
Tell me.
I walk into the English court,
trial, judge, law,
because that's not subjective at all,
of course.
And I walk in there
and members of Parliament
are saying I'm dangerous
and the news are saying I'm dangerous
and the BBC is saying I'm dangerous
and everyone's saying I should go to jail.
And I stand there in front of the judge
and said,
I haven't done anything,
you have to be around to take jail.
What the fuck?
Do I get a fair shot in England?
I doubt it.
I heavily doubt it.
Now, of course,
all my boys are in jail,
so it'd be easier
than Romanian jail.
I mean,
it's not nothing.
I've done the hard work,
so it's like butlins
compared to what I've been through.
But do I even get a fair shot?
And then you go further
down the rabbit hole
and you realize
that at the highest echelons
of fame and notoriety,
the whole legal system
is just theater anyway.
None of it's fair.
This is a question
for everyone at home.
If you're guilty
or innocent
can affect
the general consensus
of a populace
or if it can affect
the reputation
of a country
or if it can affect
the way certain issues
are viewed
by the masses
as a whole,
do you think they care
about you going to jail
for a little while
or do you think they care
about giving the right verdict
for their agenda?
Their agenda.
Of course.
Do you think they're going
to sit there and go,
Andrew's come to jail
and done nothing wrong
but we've been trying
to convince the world
he's bad for a very long time
and Romania's tried
to put him in jail
and they've failed
and now he's here
in front of our judge
and we're going to
let him go
because he's innocent
and let him have BBC
Andrew take walks free
from court
or they're going to say
two years,
guilty,
blah, blah, blah, blah.
Do you think they give a shit
about two years of my life?
You think the matrix
and the people
who are in charge
of countries
are concerned
about me going to jail
unfairly?
Do you know how many people
are in jail unfairly?
There's so many people
in jail unfairly.
No many of these people
have been through the system
to understand.
The day I stand
in front of a UK judge,
I'm toast.
I'm toast.
It doesn't matter
I got the best lawyers,
king counsel,
I could sit there
and say alibi,
CCTV,
wasn't me,
jail.
I'm done.
And that's the thing
that most people
living inside the matrix
don't yet understand.
They still think
the law is real.
Oh, but the law,
the law,
what is the law?
A book,
a book.
When was that law made?
1781.
If the law wasn't garbage,
why do you need a lawyer
to interpret it?
Why do we need judges
to go,
maybe yes,
maybe no.
The law,
it's all made up.
It's all a scam.
It's all black and white.
It's all the matrix.
It's all a scam.
Some people are guilty
of certain things.
Bro,
we're going to sit here
and talk about human trafficking.
Human trafficking,
lover boy method,
he was nice to her
and convinced her
to do something for him.
Every woman on earth
is a lover girl.
Every single one
is nice to a man,
gets handbags from him.
She's nice to him
for financial gain.
Let's put every single woman
on earth in jail.
Oh no,
that's not a crime.
That's not a crime, no.
And any man who's nice
to his woman,
that's fine.
But if Andrew Tate
is nice to anyone,
so I can't be nice to people,
I can't be mean to people,
I just can't talk to people.
I'm not allowed
to talk to anyone
because if I talk to anybody
and they get hold
of text messages,
it's a crime.
It's insane.
And that's the crazy thing
about it because
I have people
constantly messaging me,
constantly trying
to get hold of me,
men and women,
loads of women
because loads of women
love me.
Most people don't understand
I'm actually adored
by the female populace.
And they're like,
oh, can we just talk about this?
I can't talk to people.
If I don't know you,
I can't talk to you.
Hey, I've got a business idea,
let's meet.
No, I don't know who you are
and I don't know
what your intention is.
I don't know who you work for.
I don't know what you're
going to do with the text message.
I can't talk to anyone.
And I look like an asshole.
I'm not an asshole.
I'm trying to protect myself
because once you're under
this level of matrix attack,
if you slip up
one little bit,
that's it.
I reply yes, no, and okay.
That's one of my replies
on text messages.
Yes, no, or okay.
I can't have a personality anymore.
I can't make a joke.
I can't laugh.
It's crazy.
But yeah, the whole thing
is insane.
If you were to go
to the UK jail,
how long would you think
they'll do you for?
I have no idea.
They're trying to charge me
with a bunch of junk.
I don't know.
So my question to you is
with a man that's
of your level of wealth
and your level of status,
you can access things
as much as you want.
This may seem like
a stupid question,
but you could just bounce, no?
Like, in theory,
you could go to an island.
I could, but you know what?
I feel like God's testing me
and he's not giving me this to run.
He's giving me this to fight.
And if I lose,
then I will go to jail.
Bro, if I was an illegal immigrant
and came into the UK by boat
and walked around with a mache,
I wouldn't go to jail.
But if you make a bunch of money,
you're going to go to jail.
You're going to go to jail, yeah.
It's like the whole,
the priorities,
if the only explanation
for why the things work
the way they work
is because they're trying
to deliberately destroy society.
Have they caught that guy
with the acid attack yet?
Nope.
Okay, they haven't even caught him.
Have they caught him?
No, they said that his body
may be in the River Thames.
Let me tell you
why they haven't caught him.
And I don't know, of course,
because I'm not a police officer,
but I am a professional.
I know everything,
so I'm top G.
Here's why they haven't caught him.
The only way
you can get away
with an acid attack in London
and not get caught within a day
is if you have basically
no fingerprint,
no facial recognition profile,
no social media accounts,
no bank accounts,
no mobile phone,
nothing.
Because if you had
any of those things,
you would go.
Meaning, he is what?
He is an illegal immigrant
who arrived on a dinghy.
He arrived on a boat.
He came into the country.
He was never registered
or recognized ever.
We have no border whatsoever.
He then destroyed people's lives.
He has no paperwork.
And nobody wants to say that
on the news
because if you say that
on the news,
then people are going to
start getting pissed off
about the boats.
Yep.
So they allow this to happen
to tax-paying,
law-abiding citizens
having acid thrown in their face
because some psycho
from God knows where
turns up
and the police are sitting,
a whole task force,
NCA,
are sitting in a dark room
going through my social media
trying to put me in jail.
It's a dump shit, man.
It's a dump shit.
On what level of clown world
are we?
On what level of clown world
are we operating on?
Like there's nothing else to do.
There's no stabbing epidemic.
The watches aren't getting stolen
in London.
The cars,
every Range Rover gets stolen.
Like they have nothing else to do.
Well, of course,
they don't care.
They don't care.
They don't sit there and say,
let's actually protect the population
and do something important.
No, they don't care.
They say, let's get Andrew
because that will show people at home
that you can't tell the truth,
that you can't get too big
and you can't get too popular
and that if you have opinions,
you should keep them to yourself.
And next time the COVID comes around
and you know it's garbage,
you should probably shut up
because you don't want to end up like Andrew.
Look what happened to Andrew.
And that's what's going to happen.
I don't think I have a fair shot
in any Western court.
I don't think I have a fair shot anywhere.
I have a fair shot with God.
That's it.
That's all I've got left.
I was going to say this
in the beginning of the podcast as well,
but Allah says in the Quran,
I will not burden the soul.
I will not burden the soul of much.
I will not burden the soul
with what it cannot bear.
There we go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's true.
And in your case,
it's like,
do you see it as yourself?
God testing you.
Well, the thing about all of this,
which is so interesting to me,
is that,
and maybe this is cope,
but I would consider it a reframe.
My enemies can only make me stronger.
You're going to put me in jail.
You think I won't come out
a more formidable opponent from jail?
I mean,
there are so many things
that could happen to me
that would be worse than jail.
I could get cancer.
I could be in a car crash.
I could lose a loved one.
I could end up at war.
I could,
so many worse things in jail.
People think jail is terrible.
And yeah,
jail is bad.
But on the list of bad things
that can happen to you,
jail is actually somewhere in the middle.
Jail ain't a thing.
The government can assassinate me.
I'm sure it's crossed their minds.
One day they will.
But until they assassinate me,
they're going to have to put me in jail.
And putting me in jail,
the primary objective
is to financially destroy me,
which I will not allow them to do.
And my brand is so big now
that my brand is worth billions.
Just me.
I'm me.
I'm Andrew Tate.
I could walk into any company anywhere
and say,
hey, pay me 10 million.
I'll advertise you.
Done.
You can't make me poor.
No matter how hard you try,
prosecutors,
I'm going to be rich.
That's the first thing.
Second thing,
is mentally break me,
but they don't understand
that I love the difficulty.
I've reframed my mind.
I eat pain.
It's good.
It's fine.
Put me in jail.
Great.
I can't wait.
Put me in jail.
I have all the time in the world
to do push-ups.
Put me in jail.
Take me to jail.
No, but if I'm scared of them,
that empowers them.
You can put me in jail.
It doesn't change who I am.
In fact,
it makes me a more condensed,
more formidable version of myself.
The fact that everybody knows
this is a matrix attack
and I've done nothing wrong
makes me more famous
and more globally recognizable.
I emerged from jail
as rich as before,
more well-known
and stronger than I've ever been.
So put me in fucking jail.
So put me in jail.
You think I'm scared?
I don't.
That's what you're going to do.
Put me in jail.
And they think that
putting me in jail
is going to somehow punish me.
I don't see it as a punishment.
I'm looking for an exceptional life.
Exceptionalism is the highs
and the lows.
Those, yeah.
I want both.
I wouldn't appreciate
driving my Bugatti
around the world
if I didn't go to jail.
If I only had one,
the other would be nothing.
You wouldn't know the other end.
Yeah, you wouldn't know the other end.
Of course, put me in jail.
Yeah.
Fantastic.
Can't wait.
I can't wait.
Put me in.
Because they're going to.
So the only reframe is do it.
Go and do it.
If someone puts a gun to your head,
well, shoot me then, pussy.
What the fuck?
What am I going to sit here and cry?
Fucking do it then.
Yeah, do it then.
It is what it is.
So, but I just want people
at home to understand that
if you're truly looking
to reach the highest levels
of experience and life,
you're going to end up
going through the same crap
I'm going through.
They're going to hit you
and they're going to get you
because everyone's guilty
of something.
Look, you mentioned
these three stages
of Matrix attack.
Banned,
they'll cancel you somehow
with allegations
and then the third one
they'll be and kill you.
And I know you've said
in many podcasts,
even the last one we've done,
you said you'll never
commit a suicide
out of any regards at all.
Never.
I understand that
and I agree with that.
You're not the man to do so.
But who's to say,
and I don't know how much
of this in the podcast
I'm keeping,
but who's to say
they can't kill you
off the same way
they did with other people?
If they want me dead,
I'll die.
But I know I've got
a lot of jail to do first
before that.
So I'm on my second life,
but I don't think
I've expired it yet.
But do you think
it has to be in that order?
Yeah.
Because now,
if they kill you,
they make you a martyr.
Plus, everybody knows
what they're doing now.
You can't just kill people
like before and nobody know.
If they kill me,
everyone's going to know.
So they're like,
okay, well,
we don't want to make him a hero.
We don't want to give him
the significance of a hero
into eternity.
Because truthfully,
what we do on this earth,
Dunya,
what we do on this earth
is temporary,
and that's fine.
But being a legend
for eternity
is pretty attractive.
Yeah, of course.
And these people
are not legends
and they don't want
to make me a legend.
They don't want to kill me.
They want to destroy me.
You don't destroy a man
by killing him
at the height of his powers.
No, they want to break me.
They want me to do
a Jordan Peterson
and cry my eyes out on cameras.
They want to make an example of you.
They want to make an example of me.
They want me to sit
and say sorry.
They want me to say,
I'm sorry, Matrix.
I'm sorry.
Sorry for doing this.
I didn't mean it.
They want me to pussy out
and they're very frustrated
that I won't.
They're like,
why can't this guy?
Why can't we just
make him shut up?
He is so stubborn.
Correct.
I am stubborn.
As we discussed earlier
in the podcast,
God knows what's right.
God knows what's wrong.
I just follow the book.
I tell the truth.
That's my job to do
is tell the truth.
My job here
is not to lie to people.
I don't lie.
So that's why I'm stubborn.
That's why they don't like religion.
But their goal is to destroy me
and I refuse to let them.
But I don't think
they're going to kill me
anytime soon.
I think they're going to try
and hit me
with endless legal quagmires
and the goal being
to financially bankrupt me
or mentally break me.
They don't understand
that they can't happen
because the legal quagmires
increased the strength
of my brand,
which increased
my earning potential.
And they can't mentally break me
because I'm a warlord
and I enjoy war.
So come do it.
It's kind of crazy.
Like the UK
who are after me,
they have these crazy ideas.
I'm this big criminal kingpin
and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I mean, I know I looked the part.
I'll take it.
But I also think,
and I'm just talking out loud,
like I'm a prosecutor.
Okay.
He's a criminal kingpin.
He's doing crimes.
He's doing this.
He's doing this.
I'm the most Googled man on earth.
You think I can't make legit money?
Like I'm the most Googled human
on the planet.
You think I can't like sell
10 million dollars
of fucking t-shirts?
Yeah, literally.
Like what do you think I'm doing?
And if you start creating...
No, he's human trafficking.
He's selling drugs.
Why would I sell drugs?
I'm the most famous man on earth.
I'm the most legal,
most straightforward incomes
you can possibly have.
Hi, this is me.
This is where my money comes from.
No, it must be something hidden.
Why?
Because I said women can't park?
Because I said women can't park?
No, he's a misogynist.
He must have done something.
He's a crime boss.
Bro, these people have lost their minds.
They're just looking for anything
at this point.
And I'm going to go to court and say,
this is garbage.
Here's all my legal income.
This is all a lie.
This is garbage.
And they're going to sit there
and go, hmm, jail.
That's what it is.
Jail.
They've already decided it
from the get-go.
100% is a matrix attack.
It's a matrix attack,
just like Romania did.
And that's how it works.
And I guess the only regret
I kind of have
is people I love being dragged
into the matrix attacks.
So recently,
a girl I know very well was,
her house was raided.
And she was just dragged to jail
in England.
This is very recent.
Tell us to entertain.
Tell us to entertain.
Tell us to entertain.
Did they raid her house?
Because of me.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah.
And I find it very sad
that people I care about
have to go through that garbage
because the government is abusive.
And she was like,
what is this?
Like, this is insane.
And it goes to show you
like the levels
these people operate on
because they were saying,
oh, we can see
he sent you money.
She's like, yeah.
And where did that money come from?
What work are you doing for him?
Are you doing this?
Are you doing that?
Are you moving things?
Does he make you,
like trying to pretend
I've hired her for something?
She's like,
I go to the spa.
He sent me money for her.
Yeah.
But that's too much money
for shopping.
She's like,
maybe for you,
not for me.
You know how much
to your cost nowadays?
Bro, to these people,
10 grand is like,
whoa, criminal enterprise.
I'm like,
she said she wanted
to go shopping.
So I gave her 10 grand.
Yeah, that's a pair
of Jimmy shoes right there.
Yeah, it's two pairs of shoes.
Yeah, done.
These people have lost their mind,
bro.
It's crazy.
But it's fine.
I'll end up in jail
with the guys.
And I'll sit there
and I'll eat my meal
like everyone else.
Most people don't understand.
I'm not a rich guy.
I'm a poor guy
with lots of money.
I'm not from a privileged background.
No, you'll fit right in.
Yeah, bro.
Fit right in.
Can't wait.
Can't wait.
You said you're a guy
that's very prepared, right?
Yeah.
And I want to bring it
to this point.
I want to give you
my perspective on it
and you tell me how it was.
So towards the end of 2022,
before your arrest,
you were chilling with streamers
like Aiden Ross,
for example, right?
On their stream
and trying to improve
their mentality.
Yep.
Trying to better themselves.
Was that so?
Because a few ways
looking at this.
Yeah.
Him being the most popular
streamer at the time
can keep your relevancy up as well
in the time that you're away.
But also,
it can be by using him
to keep your message
going to the masses.
Now, credit to him
because I don't follow him
too much to be fair,
but I know,
I think for a month or two
after you were in jail,
he was still going to the gym,
getting in shape.
Yeah.
Don't know about now,
but I mean,
what was it for you?
Yeah.
He has a huge audience
of young kids.
The new generation
are lost, bro.
They're a mess.
Finished.
Yeah, done.
Yeah.
And most streamers
are just clowns
and they don't provide
any kind of value
because to provide value
in the world,
you need to know things
and you're only going
to know things
through pain and suffering.
I think that God teaches you
through pain and suffering.
Every single time
you suffer pain,
you're learning a lesson.
And to be honest with you,
I don't think men
learn lessons any other way.
I don't think we are capable
of learning lessons
without pain.
I can give you
a bunch of examples.
How many times
has your girl said,
stop cheating on me
or I'm going to leave?
You're like,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
And you keep cheating
and then she leaves
and you're like,
damn, don't leave.
She actually did it.
You only learn the hard way.
That's men.
So that's why God
teaches us the hard way.
So for you to have value,
for you to have wisdom,
for you to be able
to give lessons,
you need to have
a very difficult life.
The reason people
listen to me talk
is because my life
has been good and bad.
If I was only good,
if I was only sitting here
talking about what watches
I can buy,
nobody would care.
And to be fair,
people might not even like you
because this guy
is just a flexor.
100%.
So you need to have
all the bad things.
And a lot of these young kids
now, the streamers,
they don't have any difficulty
in their lives.
Bro, you're 14
and you start getting paid
millions of dollars
from these streaming platforms.
You have literally
zero difficulty.
So then how do you attract views?
The only way you can do it
is by self-degradation,
being a clown,
being a court jester,
and for people to laugh at you
as opposed to laugh with you.
So then it becomes
a race to the bottom
of who's going to do
the most stupid shit.
And then they all start
just being idiots online
and being children.
And I understood this
and Aiden Ross
is one of the most
well-known versions of this.
And he's actually a nice guy.
I know him very well.
And I thought,
let me try and give
some positive messaging
to the youth.
And that's why I did it.
And I actually like Aiden.
He's more switched on
than he comes across.
But I'll take any platform
and say the same things.
It doesn't matter
what platform you put me on.
It doesn't matter
if it's a feminist platform
or a children platform.
I'll say the same things,
which is the truth of God
and how to work hard.
And I'd like to think
there's some children out there
I've inspired via Aiden.
He's a really nice guy,
but I don't know
what he's doing now.
I don't know
what his streams
are about now, etc.
I don't watch these things.
I don't find them
particularly entertaining.
But I think,
I'm hoping,
my prediction,
is that as the world
gets more and more difficult,
and that's coming,
by the way,
anyone who's watching this,
if you're sleeping at night,
you should stop.
You should begin to panic
because it's about to get
very hard for the average person.
As the world gets
more and more difficult,
people are going to shy away
from the insanity
of entertainment
and perma-distraction
and start looking
for answers and solutions.
And that's going to allow
people who provide value
and value-based content
to become even larger
than ever before.
When you can't pay the rent,
you want to know
how to pay the rent.
You don't have time
to watch stupid streamer garbage.
So I'd like to think
that's the case.
But yeah,
Aiden's a really nice guy.
But that demographic
is lost, bro.
The young people are lost.
I'm scared for the future
of the world.
But I know,
you know what?
I'm starting to be a grandpa
because the grandpas
have always said this.
Think about it.
Even like 30,
40 years ago,
the old people were like,
you young people.
I'm starting to sound
like that now myself.
I'm like,
you young people,
you're all weird.
But they are.
It's like,
I don't know what's going to happen.
I want you to ask you this,
right?
From when you've come in line,
the top G lifestyle
seems like the guy
that can do it all.
The Bugatti lifestyle,
the private jets,
the girls,
et cetera,
the fat house,
all of it, right?
And whereas we're seeing
streamers making
a shitload of money nowadays,
where they can do
the private jet lifestyle,
have a car collection,
nice crib,
girl to go along with it,
but at the same time,
they're not intellectually there,
as you just said.
Yep.
So do you think
the barrier
to being the top G
or the guy
that people want to be
is closing?
I think that
money's an amplifier.
I've said this a lot of times,
but I have to say it
over and over again
because I want people
to understand.
A lot of people think
money will fix their problems
and all it will do
is exasperate them.
Yeah.
If you're a coward,
you will be a bigger coward
if you're rich.
You'll be more afraid
of robbery.
You'll be more afraid
of people finding out
where you live.
If you're an idiot,
you'll be a bigger idiot
if you're rich.
You're going to do
more stupid things
than you would have done
if you were poor.
If you're a G,
you'll be a bigger G
if you're rich.
So a lot of people
don't understand
that money doesn't change you.
Money accelerates
and exasperates
and amplifies
who you truly are.
The problem with a lot
of these other streamers
as you just described
is they got rich young
and they weren't shit
and now they're rich idiots.
They were idiots
and now they're rich idiots.
But here's what I'm saying to it
because let's just say
the younger audience
is that want to be rich one day.
Now, if you were my age,
you could look at Andrew Tate
and be like,
okay, cool.
I want to open up this business.
I want to do this.
I want to do this crypto.
Eventually, I'm going to be
in that position.
Whereas you can have
the younger generation
look up to streamers.
I want to sit on my computer all day
and make money like that.
And some of them do.
I mean...
There's no hardship to it.
There is no hardship.
First thing I'll say
about streamers is,
and this is my sneaking suspicion,
none of them make the money
they pretend they make.
You know what's kind of weird
since I became...
I'll tell everyone at home
how rich I am.
I know this is supposed to be taboo.
I don't give a shit.
I pay myself a million dollars a week
because it's a nice round number.
I could pay myself
a whole bunch more.
That's what I pay myself
and that's what I spend.
And I spend it all
every single month.
I buy a new car
three times a week.
So you spend
four million dollars a month.
Correct.
I buy a new car
three times a week.
I bought a new car yesterday.
What car did you buy?
The new Vantage came out.
I went to the configurator.
Ticked every box.
316,000 euro.
Bought it.
When does it come?
Dunno.
Will I drive it?
Probably not.
Just bought it.
I even saw that vlog
where you bought the M3.
You just wanted to see
what the handling was.
I want to see what the steering was like.
I've driven that car for one kilometer.
And that's it.
It's on my driveway.
But I don't want it.
So that's how much I make.
These streamers,
when they get these
20 million dollar contract
or 30 million dollar,
they announce these big contracts.
Well, that is done
so that the platforms
can try and attract more streamers.
But truthfully,
they say 30 million dollar contract.
That's probably across three years.
And they have to pay 50% tax.
And there's a performance bonus.
They only get the 30 million
if they get X amount of views,
which they're never going to get.
Blah, blah, blah.
All in all,
they don't make anywhere near the money
people think they make.
I mean, okay,
I have a Bugatti.
Everyone knows I'm famous
for having a Bugatti.
My car was 5.4 million dollars.
Where's everyone else's?
Everyone got a 50 million dollar contract.
Why has no one else got a Bugatti?
Because Lambos don't matter anymore.
No one cares about Lambos.
Wait, we're going past them.
Oh, no, Lambos are boring.
Five years ago,
you had a Lambo,
you were the man.
Now, bro,
my chick drops a Lambo.
Who gives a shit?
So, bro,
I buy Lambos on bulk.
Give me four.
Give me three.
Give me all the colors.
Lambos are nothing.
So,
where's everyone else's Bugatti?
Well, they can't afford one.
And it's only five million dollars.
And I say only,
and I'm not trying to be arrogant,
but it's only 5M.
Like,
it's a month's wages for me.
If these people are making
50, 40, 30 million
like they say they are,
where are all their nice cars?
None of them are making the money
they say they are.
First, that's all a lie.
And that's just to convince kids
to give up their future
to just try and become
famous streamers.
And then we go down the path
I just described before
when you try and become
a famous streamer
and you're an idiot
and you haven't had a difficult life
and you have no wisdom,
nothing to teach,
can't give value,
you end up being a clown,
doing dumb shit online,
trying to be an idiot,
which just further pollutes
society as a whole.
So, it's a trap.
Yep.
That's the first thing.
The second thing is
the only good thing
about having money
is that it amplifies
your attributes,
as I said before,
which means if you make money
the hard way,
all of the attributes
you learn along the way
can be amplified by the money.
Yep.
If you learn how to make money
in a difficult way
and you gain stress tolerance
and you learn how to manage people
and you learn how to do meetings,
you learn how to speak well,
you learn how to be charming,
you learn how to be funny.
These are all skill sets.
They're skill sets.
And then you get the money
and these skill sets are amplified
and now your life is great.
If you make money any other way,
let's say you make money
the easy way,
let's say you win the lottery
or you catch a crypto pump
or you get a streaming contract
for setting yourself on fire.
Bro, these kids are putting
forks in plug sockets, bro.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Bro, if you get money for that,
there's no point having the money.
Yeah.
Because another thing about money
that most people don't understand
is a lot of people think,
oh, you get money,
you get girls,
you get respect,
you get clout.
No, you don't.
No, you don't.
Not if you act like that.
Not if you're an idiot.
Yeah.
If you get money,
you're just going to be
a robbery target
for the women you date,
for the government
and for the criminals.
Congratulations.
And if you're not smart,
if you're not street smart,
you're not going to see
any of it coming.
You're not going to see
any of it coming
and you're going to get wrecked.
So you don't want to make money
the easy way anyway.
Another thing that's funny,
this was last night.
You know what?
I'm worth,
I say I'm a billionaire
and people think I'm lying about that,
but I'm not lying.
And I want people to understand at home
that I have an online educational platform
called The Real World
where we teach people
how to make money online.
18 Modern Wealth Creation Methods
is $49 a month.
It turns over,
let's say,
$13, $14 million a month.
At $14 million a month,
that's a seven times multiplier,
which is pretty standardized
for a tech company.
I have a billion dollar company,
which I own 100% mine.
I own it.
So I'm a billionaire
and I was sitting at home
with my brother last night,
smoking a cigar
and we were playing Uno.
A little board game.
Uno, bro.
Yep.
Okay.
And it's serious.
Street rules.
Bro, we don't take Uno lightly.
So we're playing Uno.
And Tristan said,
when we were broke,
we sat in Luton playing Uno.
And now we're billionaires.
We sit here playing Uno.
What's the difference?
Nothing changes.
Nothing changes.
Because the best thing about life
is going to be spending time
with the people you care about
and your brother.
Okay, now I have better security.
Cool.
Now I'm smoking a cigar.
Yes, my house is nicer.
But the fundamentals of my life
are basically the same.
If I have any spare time at all,
I'll sit with my brother
and we'll do something asinine.
And a lot of people,
especially these people
who are getting rich,
because they're not quality people
and they don't have
quality relationships,
they don't have brotherhood.
They don't have a network
of people they can rely on.
They don't have a woman
who truly loves them.
And they're going to try and buy it
and they're going to find out
that can't be done.
The best thing about my life,
the reason I am so rich
is not because I have money.
It's because I have friends
who I could give all my money to.
You and my girl
and say,
I'll be seeing you in 10 years.
You say, cool.
And that's money.
That's wealth.
That's rich.
Most people can't do that.
These fucking nerds
make a bunch of money.
They can't trust anyone around them.
They can't trust their chick.
They can't trust their friends.
They can't trust anything.
Then what do you have?
It's only money.
And I think money
is probably the third
or fourth most important thing
in the world.
It is important,
but above that is health
and love and your network
and people you care about.
There's certainly things above money.
And if you have all of those
and then you get money,
you can amplify it.
But I think a lot of people
don't understand
that money is an amplifier.
I said this often
to people who ask me questions.
I've had little nerds
come up to me.
Go, I want to get rich.
I was like, bro,
you need to stop being a geek.
Because if you get rich,
you're going to be
a fucking mega geek.
You're a dork.
Fix it.
Fix it.
I hope you don't get rich
before you fix your problem, sir.
Because you're going to be
in a lot of trouble.
Because if you get rich
in the state you're in,
you're done, bro.
You're done.
You're going to get fucked over one time.
You don't want that.
You need to go
and fix everything about yourself
and then maybe God
will reward you.
Maybe you're not rich
because you're a little nerd
and he's tired of it.
I'm tired of it.
I met you for five seconds.
I don't want to talk to you anymore.
So you need to understand
these things
and build a base of life
and understand what's important
and then you get money
and it allows you
to amplify all of it.
Here's what I'm going to ask you,
Tate, yeah?
Would you say
that the real world
is one of the main income streams
for yourself?
No.
So I wouldn't say
it's the main income stream.
What I will say,
first I'll say why it exists.
I'm going to go
conspiratorial again.
Come on.
We love it.
Why not?
I've sat in jail
trying to analyze
which power structures
want me in jail.
I've sat there and said,
okay,
why do they want me in jail?
Well, the military industrial complex
wants me in jail
because I tell kids
not to join the army
and not to go die
in a foreign war
for no reason
because every reason
they tell you to go to war
is a lie.
So the army wants me in jail
and then I've sat there
and thought,
okay, well,
the feminist and the matriarchy
want me in jail
because I'm inspiring masculinity
which is resistance
to their power
and where there's a power struggle
there's conflict
and they want me in jail
because I tell men
that they're allowed
to have standards.
Yep.
You're allowed to be a man.
Yeah.
I'm seen as a misogynist
because I effectively say
as a man
you're allowed to have a standard.
You're allowed to say to a woman,
no,
you're not supposed
to speak to me that way.
I'm a full grown adult
and I want to be respected
in my household.
That makes me a bad person.
So that's why the matriarchy
wants me in jail.
And then I sit and say,
what other powerful structures
want me in jail?
Well,
maybe the educational platforms
want me in jail.
Maybe the education system
wants me in jail
because that's the biggest scam
of them all.
The biggest scam of them all
is the modern education system.
And I can prove to you
it's a scam
and they know it's a scam
because it has to operate
inside of a vacuum.
If it wasn't a scam,
they would allow people
to take out a loan
and decide what they spend it on.
Do you want to start a business?
Do you want to buy crypto?
Do you want to buy a house?
Do you want to buy a car?
Do you want to get a degree?
Yep.
No.
You can only get a degree
with a loan
because if they give you
any choice,
no one will pick a degree
because they know it's useless
because it's out of date information
that takes too long to teach
and you get massively in debt.
Think how fast the world moves.
Think of things
that are relevant now
that weren't relevant
three weeks ago
and you're learning things
in a degree
that were from 20 years ago
and it takes you
four years to learn.
That's going to be
completely irrelevant
by that point.
Bro, Christmas feels like
a lifetime ago.
It's been a month
and you're going to sit
and go to school
for four years
and learn things
from 1996
and think that
that piece of paper
is worth anything?
Yeah, it's not.
The whole thing's a scam
and they know it's a scam
so I sit there and go,
well, why would the educational systems
want me in jail?
Yeah, I say it's a scam
but also maybe
it's because I own
www.university.com
www.university.com
and I have an online
educational platform
which is the largest school
on the planet
and we're teaching
financial literacy
and it costs $49 a month
less than a Nando's
and we'll teach kids
how to make money online
and they won't go
to the school anymore.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I'm like, okay,
so the educational system
wants me in jail,
the matriarchy wants me in jail,
the military industrial complex
wants me in jail.
Can't wait to go to court.
I'm sure it's going to be
a fair trial.
Can't wait.
I'm sure I'm going to walk.
Here's where I was going
at the end of it though, yeah?
I'll be real tape.
I can't even post this podcast
on TikTok
because my last TikTok
account got banned.
It wasn't even clips of you.
It was me and the guest
speaking about you
and TikTok was like,
nope, harmful content
taken down
and we were literally
just saying you're a nice guy.
Yep.
Yep.
So I can't even post this
on TikTok
and I know one of the reasons
for you me to raise
was to do with the fact
that TikTok was getting
flooded with Android 8 content,
literally top G everywhere.
Yeah, yeah.
But now that's not the case.
So how do you actually
keep people coming back
to the real world
which was once
obviously Hustos University, right?
Yep.
How do you get people
coming back
and, you know,
make sure they know
that we are still here?
Yeah, so TikTok have gone,
I'm well,
so of Meta,
so of Instagram,
so of Facebook.
I'm banned everywhere, right?
And you're right.
They don't like people
saying anything nice about me.
They don't like my voice.
They don't like a still picture
of me.
Nothing.
Literally nothing, yeah.
All I do is I make it obvious
to people that the platform exists
and to further go down
the rabbit hole
of why that platform does exist,
it's not for me to make money.
I can resign now.
I can retire now
for the rest of my life
if I wanted to live semi-sensibly.
If I stopped buying
three cars a week,
I could probably still do that
for a good 10 years,
but, you know,
I could calm down
and live a very nice life.
The reason I have the real world
is the same reason
I have the war room
because when I talk about
all the problems I talk about,
the astute members
of the populace
will say it and say to me,
okay, then what's the solution?
Andrew, you're right.
You're right.
The legal system's a joke.
They're out to keep us all enslaved.
We're not allowed
to have an opinion as a man.
We live in a matriarchy.
My job hates me.
What's the answer?
And I'm kind of,
I'm a little bit disappointed in myself
that I've only come up
with two answers so far,
but they're the only answers
that have ever worked for me.
And perhaps there's another answer
that's better than the ones I have,
but the only answers
I can come up with,
in fact, three answers,
I apologize,
is one, God, you need God.
That's the most important thing.
The second is you need money.
And the third is
that you need brotherhood.
And I believe
if you have those three things,
you become much harder
to be damaged by the system.
When I go to jail,
I can call my brother
and make sure that my women
and my children are taken care of.
I can have someone
to look after them.
I have a bunch of money
so they can be taken care of.
I can get the best lawyers.
I have influence.
So when they lie about me
on the BBC,
I can tweet and call them a liar
and get more views
than the BBC does.
Yeah, literally, yeah.
More views than the BBC.
Edward Tate, this is,
I can just say,
lie, fake news,
boom, done.
So I can fight against them.
Well, how do I fight against them?
I fight against them
with my influence,
which is based on my brotherhood
and the people I work with
inside the war room
and the money I have
and God.
So when I created
the real world,
the primary objective
is for people to learn
how to make money online
so they can escape the matrix.
Because if you have a job,
you're going to be controlled.
If you have a job,
you can't have an opinion anymore.
You can't talk.
You can't say certain things online.
You'll lose your job.
You can't not get the vaccine.
You'll lose your job.
You can't not wear a mask.
You'll lose your job.
You have to obey.
You have to comply
or you can't pay the mortgage.
If you make money
for yourself online,
you're now harder to control.
So when they come along
with their infantile ideas
and try and force you
to perpetuate and purport them,
you can sit and say,
no, I'm making my own money.
You're a liar.
So that's the reason
I made the real world
and that's the reason
I made it so cheap,
$49 a month
so people can join
and learn how to make money online.
And the reason there's the war room
is because of brotherhood
because I believe that
if you analyze
any period of human history,
including Genghis Khan
as we just discussed,
it's always been about brothers.
What was Genghis Khan?
It was a bunch of his boys,
a bunch of your boys
getting on a horse.
And just conquering.
Yeah, bro.
We still do it.
You and your boys,
you all get together.
You go to the club
because of girls.
It's the same.
Everyone gets on a horse.
Let's ride that way.
What's over there?
Dunno, who cares?
We'll find out.
We'll take it.
So brotherhood
has always been
what conquest is about
and it's also always been
a small band of brothers
to resist evil.
Let's say when Genghis Khan
got to Vienna.
I'm not going to discuss
who's the good guy
and who's the bad guy.
It's just the natural law
of the universe
that conflict appears.
But the people
who were defending Vienna
were what?
Brothers.
Brotherhood.
Get your sword.
Who are they?
Let's go.
So if you're in a war
and I believe we are
and I think anyone
who's looking at life
as anything other than war
can't be competitive
and is destined
to be decimated.
If you understand
you're in a war
then you need brotherhood
and you need money.
What does Ukraine
keep asking for?
Money.
You need money to fight
and you need men
you can count on
which is why I have
the real world
that teaches people
how to make money online
and the war rooms
you can join a fraternity.
You have the men.
That's right
because I believe
if you start to make
a bunch of money
and you get a bunch
of men you can rely on
you then become
much harder to enslave.
That's the reason
those two things exist
at CobraTake.com
and that's the reason
I tell people
to join them.
And it's not because
I'm philanthropic.
I want to make it clear
I know the world thinks
I'm the nicest man ever
but they don't think that
I'm just going to say it
but it's not because
I'm philanthropic.
I'm not going to sit here
and say I'm trying
to help you guys at home.
No.
If you're a broke loser
you can stay a broke loser
that's completely fine by me.
My cars need washing
you can wash them
don't care.
But I don't care.
I don't care.
But if I'm going to try
and crack the matrix
I can't do it by myself.
So I want all of the people
who agree with what I say
and think like I think
to be rich.
Andrew you have a thousand fans.
Do you want poor fans
or rich fans?
I want rich fans.
Rich fans yeah of course.
Andrew you have a thousand fans.
Do you want them
to all know each other
and be part of a brotherhood
and be part of a fraternity
or do you want to be
independent and isolated?
Know each other.
Know each other.
That's all it is.
I'm helping myself.
I'm raising an army.
I'm Genghis Khan.
Get on the horse guys.
Get on the horse.
Let's go.
We're going to fight.
And you can join
and I'll make your life better
by extension.
That's one of the greatest
things about my brand.
I think it's probably
one of the reasons
I have no problem
with the fact
they're going to throw me
in jail etc.
Because I know
I'm living for a purpose.
I know that just like
you said earlier on
this podcast
if you're an Andrew Tate fan
your life improves.
And that's a good feeling.
If you're a fan
of a normal stream
where your life
doesn't improve.
If you're a fan
of Logan Paul
or KSI
or these idiots
well then what do you get?
You get sugary drinks
and WWF.
Great.
You don't get anything.
I know that
if you're a fan of me
your life genuinely improves.
And in the karmic circle
of the universe
all of that positive energy
will end up back with me.
There's no way
you can take thousands
perhaps millions of people
and make them feel
more dedicated
more motivated
more happy
more positive
more inspirational.
You can do all of those things
and not benefit from it
in some way.
Whether they put me
in jail or not.
There's good vibes
in the universe.
I'll pick them up.
It's fine.
And I'll walk out
tell the BBC
hello
speak to Lucy
that'll be a problem.
So I am very
I'm very proud of myself
because I know
I'm doing the right thing.
And that's the reason
I refuse to shut up
because if I was only
entertaining people
I could shut up.
Okay.
There's no point
in going to jail
to make people laugh.
No.
But there is a point
in going to jail
to make so many
people's lives better.
So sorry
as a professional
to go back to
why the real world exists
and how I get people
to go there.
I don't try and sell it
to anyone.
That's actually a really
good point.
It's a good question
you asked me.
Because I'm just trying
to see it.
No, no, but it's a good
question because
if I am a billionaire
and I am obviously
monumentally
financially successful
and I've just explained
to people at home
why I want them to join
because I want
them to be rich.
I have a vested interest
in them being rich.
Your university professor
does not have a vested
personal interest
in you becoming rich.
He doesn't care.
He's doing a job.
I have a vested
personal interest
in trying to make
my fans as rich
as possible.
Never else in your life
is a billionaire
going to care
about making you money.
Ever.
Only now.
It costs less
than a Nando's.
It's $49 a month.
If you still don't join,
well then you're a dumbass.
And I don't want you
to join anyway.
So I've mentioned it
enough times I feel
and I also feel like
now I'm at a point
where I'm above
getting people to join.
It exists
and if you're not a loser
you'll join
because you want to
save your life
and if you don't want
to save your life
if you want to stay a slave
you can go stay a slave.
But I'm trying to come at it
at a point where
for example
you were once
the most googled man
on the whole of the earth.
Yeah.
Right?
And all these things
the TikTok clips
the podcast
everything
Instagram accounts
Twitter
whatever you name it
they were all
a big funneling system
for that.
And now where there's
the cases
these platforms
have banned you
apart from Twitter
X
whatever you want
to call it
it's like
how can you get back
to being that
most famous man
the most googled man
on the earth?
I don't know
if I need to be anymore
because unfortunately
the idiot who made
that documentary
was incorrect
I'm not chasing fame
I'm doing what I believe
to be right
I'm going to speak
to the people
I want to speak to
I wanted to see you
that's why we're
doing this podcast
I get 10 podcast requests
a day
I don't do them
because I need
to do them
or I want to do
this one
so I'm doing it
it's fun
and the people
who join the real world
who want to be freed
from the matrix
will join
if nobody joins
that's fine
I don't need the money
we have over
200,000 students
anyway
I mean I know
what you're saying
I don't wake up
and think
how do I get
views
I don't care anymore
I wake up
I do what I'm
supposed to do
I train hard
I see my children
I work
I make a bunch
of money
if I have a platform
to speak on
I'm going to tell
the truth
if I tweet something
it's going to be the truth
and God will do the rest
and it is what it is
and the only reason
these things exist
are to help the people
at home
be valuable fans
of mine
and I think
that's an important point
in terms of fans
I want to have
valuable fans
if I'm going to raise
an army
I want men
who can fight
yeah you don't want
brokies
if you're going to
raise an army
do you want
a bunch of men
who can't fight
no you want
men who can fight
so if you're going
to join my army
you need to be able
to train
work hard
and be able to fight
I don't want to go
to war
with a bunch
of idiots
so if you're
sitting at home
and you're
working at McDonald's
and you can't
escape the rat race
you're not much good
to me
so then why
are you watching
my stuff
why would you
sit here
and watch me
speak for hours
and then not do
fuck all that
and then not go
and join the school
and get rich
you must be
out of your mind
but there are
people who do this
and there are
some people
who you just
can't help
there are
there is a huge
percentage of the
populace
which
they're beyond
saving
because of the
worst thing
you can possibly be
which is a quitter
being a quitter
is the worst
thing you can
possibly be
God himself
can't make a quitter
important
because the only
reason the place
you're trying to get
to has value
is because it was
difficult to reach
if everybody could
reach it
there'd be no value
value is linked
to scarcity
the whole point
goal is valuable
is because it's
not everywhere
if it's everywhere
it wouldn't have
any value
the reason
the place you're
trying to reach
is valuable
is because people
can't get there
so if you're
the kind of person
who quits
you're never
going to get there
quitters are the worst
you could give
a quitter a map
a treasure map
and a hot air balloon
and say it's going to
take you right to the
treasure
it's going to be a
seven day journey
here's a sandwich
and halfway through
they'll be like
oh I'm cold
you just said
oh seven days
nah
they'll quit
quitters will never
make it
and there's a huge
subsect of the populace
who are basically
simply quitters
I've never in my life
seen anyone
who's determined
to get something
not get it
I've never seen
somebody who is
determined in their
heart to get
something not get it
the universe and
God is so giving
and providing
people think it's
difficult out here
I disagree
I've never seen
someone wake up
and say nah
this is all I care
about this is all
I want
not get it
everyone who thought
that way in fighting
was a world champion
everyone who thought
that way about money
was rich
I've never seen
anyone fail
bro I've seen
people with no
credit score
and no job
determined to get
an R8
managed to get
one on finance
somehow
I've seen it
if it's all you
want you're gonna
get it
you're gonna find
a way to get it
you're gonna find
a way
people go oh I
want this
if you wanted it
you'd have it
literally I spoke
to a man who
had done a podcast
recently and he
was saying if
someone had a gun
to your children's
head and said
to you the only
way I'm gonna
move this gun
is by you making
a million dollars
you are gonna
make a million
100%
you're gonna be
motivated for the
first time in your
life
people often say
if you try your
best it's okay to
fail but what they
don't understand the
true secret to the
universe is that if
you try your best
you never fail
yeah that's what
people don't
understand and and
most people aren't
trying they aren't
trying they don't
know what trying is
in fact that's
probably one of the
things I hear the
most I used to hear
the most because I
don't talk to people
anymore because they
all annoy me I was
oh I'm trying no
you're not you don't
know what trying is
no you are not
trying I know you're
not trying I know
because as we sat
here before we went
to speak you weren't
on your phone working
you weren't trying
you were standing
around talking shit
to some idiot you're
not trying people are
genuinely not out here
giving their absolute
best because if you
were you'd have
everything you've ever
desired you'd have
anything you've ever
wanted and asked for
instead what people do
is they cope and
convince themselves
they're trying oh I
tried but I need a
work-life balance and
it's hard and I was
trying all garbage
all cope and like I
said earlier life is
war if you're a man
and you don't view the
world as war I can't
imagine how you view
the world my entire
world view is war I
was actually having
this conversation the
other day about why I
avoid extreme sports
I was with some girl
and she's like would
you ever jump out of a
plane with me I'm like
pitch no why do you
avoid extreme sports
because my life is
extreme but my life is
hard I'm at war if
you're if your life is
extreme and you're
already at war the
last thing you want to
do is jump out of a
plane you want it
safety calm I want to
be left alone you went
skiing like last month
something I went on a
snowmobile no okay
which is I was driving
around cruising I
wouldn't consider that
that extreme but she
was talking about would
I ever jump out of a
plane I said no
absolutely not because
my life is war she
said what do you mean
I said well you're hot
every man wanted you I
got you I won that was
a war my Ferrari
everyone wanted it I
bought it I won that
was war along with all
the residential
properties I own along
with the commercial
properties along with
all the domains I own
along with fighting the
matrix and the legal
system that's all war
when you see something
beautiful is war when
you see a big tree
people go wow big
beautiful tree and
they don't realize that
that was a war among
saplings as you said
last time 30 little
trees and he just
tried to destroy all
the trees around him
so you could grow
bigger and everything
else it's war life has
always been war so why
would I want to go start
jumping out of planes
no I want security team
and a big gate and
safety I said to her
she goes oh but what
do you mean your life's
extreme when we leave
this establishment we
are going to walk to
my car there are two
professional armed guards
with me and I am still
with my head on a
swivel you're just
going to walk to the
car because you're a
chick I think leaving
the establishment and
going to the car is a
battle I must win
because I have to get
out I have to look I
have to make sure I'm
not going to get killed
I have to get in the
car there's so much
going on you want to
jump out the plane
because you don't
understand that you
think nothing's going
on yeah for me my
whole life it's all
problems it's stress
leave me alone I'm not
jumping out of any
planes I'm not climbing
any rocks I'm not
swimming with sharks
that's all for people
who don't have enough
stress in their life
if you wake up and
decide you want to
swim with sharks you
are lacking stress
which means you are
not trying very hard
because if you were
trying your absolute
best and you were
important and the
matrix wanted you in
jail and your enemies
wanted you dead the
last thing you would
want to do is go
swimming with fucking
sharks it must be out
your mind it's insane
it's crazy yeah I want
to come back to a
point where you
mentioned yeah you
said you only go on
podcasts that you
like so you're here
now and I appreciate
your time yeah but
sometimes it does make
me chuckle though I
see you go on podcasts
where I think to
myself why Andrew why
that was a full-on
matrix attack why are
you going on maybe
Piers Morgan to an
extent yeah but that
Lucy from BBC why do
you do that I'm
thinking why take why
well yeah the MSM now
have to pay me $50,000
and a sandwich and
bring it yeah
chocolates yeah so
they have to give
them to me if it's a
female reporter she
has to bring me a
sandwich and I
I haven't had any
mainstream media news
articles since I did
Piers actually to be
honest and the reason
I did Piers I want to
educate him on
Palestine he needed to
be told the truth yeah
and that's another thing
I was told not to do
that from very important
people Andrew don't say
that what like in your
team saying or not in
my team just from around
okay yeah don't say
that don't poke that
question don't say that
big respect to you I
have to I had to but
um and it's interesting
what I will say on the
back of that as well
even though I looked at
it and I was like okay
cool Andrew may not have
the top echelon
education like
Mohammed Hajab would
have but the way he
stuck it on Piers
Morgan for that yeah
I was like I know I
know what right and
wrong is yeah I know
what murder is I know
what genocide is and
you're right I don't I
didn't I don't need the
ins and outs to point
out the genocide the
insanity of it all and
um I don't interact
with the MSM as much as
I did but conflict also
creates interest I
don't think the MSM or
my haters understand that
I wouldn't be anywhere
near I the echelon I
am if it wasn't for
the hate no light
without dark if
everyone loved Andrew
Tate all the time then
it'd be boring 95% of
people love Andrew
Tate 5% of people
can't stand me and
they are such an
important part of the
fuel rocket fuel I
have no idea this is
true or not but I'm
going to say it because
I'm going to make it
up rocket fuel can
have two primary
components right you
can have liquid
oxygen liquid nitrogen
where you have the
different boosters on
the rocket and you see
that one booster ejects
and another booster
fires which means the
fuels must be different
they can't be the same
fuel they're probably in
the same tank meaning I
was right all along there
you go proved so you
need the different things
together to get to space
so if the MSM come along
and I know it's a
matrix attack but I know
I'm going to destroy
them then I'll do it I'm
not the thing is with
these people I'm not
afraid of these people
imagine being Lucy from
the BBC the story of
Lucy is as follows when
I first went to jail she on
my jail phone I end up
speaking to a PR my PR
team and they said this
girl Lucy wants to come
give you an interview and
she wants to tell the
truth about your case she
doesn't want to matrix
attack you I said that's
a lie yes she does she
goes no she wants to ask
about why you're in jail
without charge how men
shouldn't go to jail
without trial how this is
a violation of your human
rights she wants to make
ask about what life's like
in jail she wants to make
it very interesting I said
who does she work for and
they said the BBC and I
said the BBC do not want
to do anything but
matrix attack me so
anyway they convinced my
PR team that this was not
a matrix attack and they
came in friendly and they
sat down convinced it was
not matrix attack and we
had cameras running the
background which they
didn't know and then they
instantly matrix attacked me
and tried to make a fool of
me yep Lucy even admitted
on BBC Radio 4 at a later
date that she had been
rehearsing for two months
for that interview really
yeah bloody hell imagine
rehearsing for two months
setting a man up lying
pretending it's going to be
a softball interview or an
interesting interview it's
not even softball it'd be
interesting to ask actually
pertinent questions and
instead matrix attacking him
and off the top of his head
when he just came out of a
jail cell for 93 days of
solitary confinement getting
destroyed these people must
hate me of course they hate
me it's interesting I just
sit there make a fool of
them they even took down
the interview after a
result of course second you
released your one because
they released like a 15
minute version of it and
obviously your one was like
an hour and a half or
whatever it was it's like it
it's like a it's like seal
team six breaking into a
man's house and them all
getting beat up with a
spoon yeah like there's no
way that I should have won
that fight there's no way I
should have won to the BBC
they prepared they'd set it up
she had rehearsed they lied
saying it was going to be
completely different
questions I just got out of
jail I had mental health
problems I couldn't sleep I
had bad nightmares I've been
in solitary confinement all
this and I come out I win
of course they hate me I
hate me of course all
they're gonna do is print
garbage about me forever so
why did I even do it I
guess the reason I did it is
because I always have a
parachute I always have a
bungee cord of brutal
competence and that
competence has come from
conflict and I'm very well
versed I can argue any
point I can argue when I
know I'm wrong I can argue
the sky is green I can
argue anything there's no
point I can't argue and I
have that back up and I
guess I've said this before
I think it's probably the
least discussed superpower on
earth is being able to
speak well yeah nobody
talks about it people talk
about being strong great
people talk about being
rich okay fantastic but
being able to speak
correctly and properly and
very well is a completely
under discussed superpower it's
the reason I refuse to learn
another language I've lived in
Romania for seven years I
know three words people say
why don't you learn
Romanian because I don't
know English yet when I know
every single word in English
I'll learn Romanian because
English makes me money I don't
need to learn Romanian it
doesn't make me any money
genuine question have you
ever been media trained
never never never so the way
you speak the way you
articulate yourself just
literally practice but it's
in fact correction it's not
practice it's feedback a lot of
people practice things all
the time and stay terrible I
had a guy say to me in the
war room we actually do this
training I train the guys in
the war room how to speak
better and that's one of the
best things you can learn in
life and that's one of the
reasons the war room so
valuable because at the war
room events we do specific
training for this particular
task and the guy was saying
about how his business has
improved how much more money
he makes and how much better
he is with girls and etc etc
and I was saying yeah okay
fine but the reason I speak so
well is not because I'm
practiced because this man
was older than me it's like
you've been speaking longer
than I have yeah it's not
practice it's feedback if
you don't analyze what
you've done then you're not
going to identify your
mistakes and where you can
improve I will watch this
podcast back 10 times and I
will realize all the times I
stuttered or all the times I
had to repeat myself or all
the times I didn't use a word
I was supposed to use and
that's why next time I do a
podcast will be better than
even before and that's also a
lesson you can take and apply
towards life you can apply the
feedback aspect towards life
practice alone will not
improve you practice is going
to build habits in fact from
fighting I know this very
well if you allow a student
to come and learn bad habits
at the beginning it's very
hard to get out of them this
is why most people when they
talk on podcasts are saying
uh I can't even listen to
that shit I'm like you don't
even speak English why are you
sitting there you don't speak
English why it's so hard to get
your point across well if you
can't get your point across
compendiously and you can't
articulate yourself in a
concise manner how do you
expect other people to
affiliate with your worldview
or that one of the super
powers of life is thinking
something and making somebody
else think the same making
someone else believe you oh
sorry sorry police lover boy
but no but sitting there and
making somebody agree with you
or at least making them
understand why you think how
you think is a superpower surely
yeah and it's massively
misunderstood and under
represented and not used and
it's not practiced and it's not
versed and I think also I'm
actually kind of curious I've
thought about this myself how
useful it will be into the
future when the AI comes along
and controls us all you know
what my biggest fear of the
machine minds are gone my
biggest fear is that people
will be as smart as me now
piss me off I like being
smarter than everyone I don't
want a bunch of people to have
Google brains that are
smarter than mine I'm supposed
to be the smartest guy in the
room that's gonna annoy me I
don't think that'll be the
case I'll tell you why because
the way I see it is going
down the conspiracy hole yeah
it's like everyone will be
trapped and they'll be fed the
information that the matrix
want them to be have I know
but what if they like can get
words from the dictionary as
quick as I can like I had to
work hard for that now they're
just gonna get a microchip
that's a cheat it's gonna piss
me off I don't want that to
happen hopefully it happens
when I'm already gone but yeah
being able to speak is a
massively misunderstood
misunderstood superpower that a
lot of people need to
understand that can
drastically change their life
but you're only going to be
able to do it if you apply
feedback to it and the same is
with absolutely everything in
your life not enough people
look back on what they did and
identify where they made a
mistake and some people will do
it when they lose but the true
professionals do it when they
win when my dad was playing a
chess game if he won the game he
would still analyze the game and
see if he could have lost where it
could have gone wrong how he could
have won faster what mistakes he
did make what he did well what he
did wrong win or lose so many
people will sit in a scenario where
everything went wrong and go in
fact correction not so many people
I would say 75 percent of people
will not ever self-analyze the
situation or and they'll blame
everyone else if they went to jail
like I did they'd say they put me in
jail because they're liars and the
matrix did it did it fine true but
when I was in jail I was like how did
I get here what did I do what did I
say who did I piss off what
institutions want me in jail what
did I do that angered them me me me
I'm taking absolute self
accountability for everything I'm
not blaming any one thing else
because if I blame everything else
I have no control if I blame
myself that I can influence that I
have control over it so 75 percent
of people blame other people or
they blame other things I lost my
business because of COVID no you
lost your business because of you I
lost my girl because her friends
were hoes no you lost your girl
because of you and you lost your
car because of you and it's all your
fault because that's the only thing
gives you control and power the
other 10 percent we said 75 that's
85 now has to be much higher let's
say the other 20 percent which
brings up to 95 percent of total of
the populace will look at a
situation in which they lose and
they might self-analyze and they
might try and learn from the loss
and they'll try and find the
feedback involved in the loss to
make sure they don't lose again
which is obviously better than not
be not analyzing at all at all
yeah and the top 5 percent the
absolute highest echelon are people
who are going to analyze every
decision they've ever made win or
lose I analyze my wins as well see
where you went right see where I
went right see what went wrong see
where it worked you need to analyze
your whole life your life needs to
be feedback you need to sit and
it's it's it's over 10 percent into
the year now I wonder if anyone who
made a new year's resolution sits and
says it's over 10 percent into the
year am I at 10 percent of my goal
because your stupid ass said you were
going to be a millionaire when you
were drunk on New Year's Eve well you
need to have a hundred grand saved do
you have a hundred thousand have you
even done the feedback on your own
goal you made 30 short days ago to
realize that you're nowhere near it
and you're not going to make it and
you're a loser no oh I got the rest
of the year um and then wonder why
they fail you should have a daily
target and then it's just a full on
cycle for them yearly of course
gonna be a millionaire next year and
then they just lie so you need to
constantly feedback and analyze your
life and take time out of scenarios I do
this all the time there's been times
I've got up out of bed and I've got
ready and I've got my keys and I've
got my phone and I've stroked my dog
and I've had my coffee I downed it
quickly and it was just the right
temperature so it wasn't too hot it
wasn't too cold and I got in my car
which had already been started my
Ferrari by my security team and it's
already warm and I got in I was out
the door I was like I got out the door
in six minutes that's that's like two
minutes faster than normal yeah that
was good what did I do good well the
coffee the coffee wasn't too hot
wasn't too cold usually it's too hot
and I have to wait or it's too cold
and I want another one the coffee was
just the right temperature when was it
made and I'll check the message
where I sent them to take me a coffee
and it sounds crazy but I'll analyze
how I left the fucking house while
I'm driving I'll be like that was
fast that was good how can we do that
again I want to do that next time
people don't feedback ever and they
don't analyze the way they speak if
you're the kind of person who can't
speak properly you're the kind of
person who doesn't analyze their own
behaviors in life that's what I would
say if I see somebody who can't make
me understand why they think what they
think I'm gonna sit and say okay
well you're not the kind of person
who analyzes their own life now do I
trust you because let's say we start
a business together and it all goes
wrong are you gonna come to me and say
I made a mistake I can do better this
is the mistake I made or you're gonna
sit and say well the environment was
hard something environment wasn't in my
control yeah some garbage and just
cope you know who the worst of this I'm
going to jail here we go going to jail
women women take no self
accountability for anything I'm a
misogynist it's true no they don't
take self accountability for anything
and they don't because they don't
have to because they are blessed with
beauty from God so they have a
superpower which is their beauty and
their beauty allows them to get away
with being completely lacking self
accountability because as a man you
have to be competitive and the only
way you can truly be competitive in war
which life is is to be self
accountable to blame yourself for
everything because that puts you in
the highest possible mind state to
compete against everyone else who
want the things you want for sure so you
have to as a man self analyze and be
self-critical every move every move
but as a woman you don't because
you're hot right so they're not good
at it and I'm not insulting them
they're just not used to it because
they get to blame other people and
blame everything else because their
beauty allows them to get away with
it and that's the reason I said my
my girlfriend said would you ever let
me drive your cars I was like never
never ever she goes why I am a good
driver for a girl and I said yeah my
four-year-old's a good speaker for a
four-year-old but I wouldn't put him
in front of a stadium to talk so it
doesn't matter how well you could
drive for a girl you're a girl but
that's not even the reason the reason
I wouldn't let you drive my cars it's
not because I think you're gonna
crash I do but that's not even what
it's about if I lent my boy a car if I
let a man a car and he crashed it he
will take accountability they take
accountability for it he would come to
me and say there was a crash this
happened I'll fix it I'm sorry even if
he believes it wasn't his fault he
would still if he's the kind of guy I
know have enough self-accountability to
go this idiot pulled out of nowhere
but I was speeding I was going fast
it's a fast car I'm gonna fix the car
I'm gonna get it sorted I'm gonna pay
for it if a woman crashes the car that's
not what you're gonna hear it wasn't my
fault you don't understand it wasn't me
he pulled out and I didn't do anything
wrong and he pulled out and I'm like
well how are you gonna fix it I'm not
gonna fix it because he pulled out I
didn't know why are you yelling at me
this isn't my fault and I'm left with
the mess so why am I lending her a car
in the first place I'm left with the
message she's gonna say it's not her
fault she'll crash into a tree by
herself and it wasn't her fault the
tree the tree did something so anyone
who's not self-accountable I don't trust
so back to let's avoid the the women's
subjects always gets me in trouble back
to men if you're a man who's not
self-accountable I don't trust you so if
you're a man who's making a mistake as
permanent as not being able to speak and
convey your ideas correctly well then I
don't trust you as a person and that's
probably the best thing about money
people often ask me what the best thing
about being rich is and there's not
much that's good private jets are good
because it's convenient it's like getting
an uber there's no airport garbage
supercars are fun I love supercars but
most other rich stuff is garbage like
caviar is crap champagne is crap what
do rich people do golf it's all shit
yeah I don't I don't like one of the
best things about being rich is I don't
have to talk to anyone I don't want to
talk to if someone comes to me goes
Andrew we can make a lot of money
together but I think they're a nerd
it's great I don't want your money I
would rather not have money than sit
and talk to a nerd you're a dork oh
you're a vegan get fucked oh but we'll
make money don't care I don't want the
money I am principled now which goes
back into my earlier point about why I
want my fans to have money because if
you have money you're principled if
you're a brokey you'll sell your soul
which is why I don't want my fans to
be broke it's why I have the real world
so they can join to make money because
if you are broke you will say I'm not a
fan of Andrew if it benefits you
financially which means you're no good
to be in a war because now you're a
traitor I don't want that so one of the
best things about being rich is I get
to be exceptionally principled and I
get to also not talk to anyone I don't
want to talk to all of the time which I
do truly enjoy it's one of the best
things about it as we were speaking
about off camera in our little break
we're talking about assets being
seized right so Romania here you had a
load of cars you had supercars and
vives tuned cars all that sort of
stuff and they took all of them right
yeah correct me if I'm wrong but
they've still got them they've still
got them now yeah currently and we're
in court to try and see if the sheet
the seizure is legal because the law as
we discussed earlier isn't subjective
of course and it's not dependent on how
famous you are of course it's very fair
so we're going to discuss that and if I
get them back that would be nice and if I
don't it doesn't matter because I have
40 more so and you're still buying cars
and once again credit from the room but
I heard you say that they're trying to
seize the new assets that you went like
for example you pull up in SF90 yeah they
they are it it's very interesting I do
still find it strange that as we speak
right now there are people in a room
somewhere trying to destroy my life
think about that I hope none of you are
in that position yet because you'll get
famous and rich enough and it'll come and
I hope this none of you are in this
position yet maybe you are and you don't
know as we speak right now there are
people who are paid a wage in a room
somewhere on earth looking at me
thinking how do we wreck his life how do
we take his stuff and put him in jail that's
kind of a scary thought no isn't that
kind of crazy if you knew there was 10
professionals in a room trying to destroy
you so I'm sure they're trying to take my
car and my fancy watch but they can't
take my charisma or good looks so it is
what it is but you have to find ways to
protect yourself legally which I've done
my very best to do but yeah they tried
to take my new cars I acquired after my
prison sentence and you know what I'm
not even emotional about it because I
have two schools of thought when it
comes to things like this part one is
I'm too principled a man to be involved
in a matrix attack so if I was a if I was
a prosecutor and they came to me and
said put this man in jail I'd sit and
say well I don't want to because I know
this is a matrix attack and I know he
doesn't deserve it and they're only being
attacked because of his massive fame and
influence unless the prosecutor is part of
the matrix exactly I'm principled but
most people aren't principled or even if
they have any degree of principles
because they need to pay the mortgage
because they have to do as they're told
for their job to pay their bills
everything I discussed earlier they're
not free so they have to so part of me
is well I'm too principled to ever do
this to me but I kind of understand why
they do it and then part of me is far
more spiritual about it all and just
kind of understands that since the dawn of
human time every king everywhere has been
at war if you have a if you have a kingdom
there are people who are test even if
you're not directly at war there are
people who are testing your borders there
are border bandits coming across the
border and raiding the small villages
along the fringes of your empire
stealing gold trying to see how fast
your army can react you're constantly
under attack there's never been a king
who got to draw his lines and just got
left alone yeah don't work like that
doesn't work that way so if you want to
be a king you have to have war so made
part of me understands why they're doing
it I don't know I just find it so I still
find it so strange me and Tristan will
sit there and go isn't it weird we're
having a coffee and there's people
trying to put us in jail it's just weird
literally as we're doing this podcast
right now there's another room somewhere
whether it's in Romania or another part
of the world where they're just thinking
right what are we doing what's the next
step what's the next plan and they're
gonna and they're gonna watch this
podcast if they're professional I mean if
they're any good at their jobs I guess
they're gonna watch this and I find that
so interesting like hi guys you think
I'm a criminal and I'm not see you in
court it's really weird to me at the
same time though wouldn't you say that
some of these podcasts even though
you're depicting everything that they
assume about you wouldn't you say you
also given them ammunition ammunition
probably just like I said when you get
rich you can give them ammunition by
having a girlfriend or driving a car or
talking I could disappear and shut up
but isn't that exactly what they want
that's why they're doing it my friend
so am I giving them ammunition yes
but I'm also not doing as I'm told
the primary objective with all of this
garbage do you think they really cared
about TikTok accounts no their goal was
for me to go away make him go away
we've tried to ban him and it doesn't
work so make him go away so I refuse to
go away hence why they're still trying
so yeah am I giving them ammunition
probably because I can say anything and
they'll use it as ammunition against me I
just say words I could say the sky is
blue and it's ammunition against me
that's the reason you don't talk to
cops but I believe that in the end
everything's going to work out I know
who I am I know what I've done I know
what I've not done I know the idea these
people have of me I know the story
they've painted in their minds and I
know how false it is it's kind of
reassuring if someone were to come to
me and say Andrew you're under
suspicion for having a Long Johnson I'd
say shit they know I gotta hide the
truth but if they came to me and said
Andrew you're under suspicion of human
trafficking and manipulating I'm like
oh great okay so you you're trying to
prove a fallacy so you can spend all
your time and yeah you can find me be
say something misogynistic online you
can find me have a fast car you can find
money you can find pictures of me with
girls on a boat and you can in your mind
because you have this picture think
they're all related but I know the
truth is I just bought a fast car with
my perfectly legal income and a bunch
of girls came on my boat because I'm
handsome so I'm not really that
concerned because they're trying to
prove a fallacy but it's still an
interesting chess match I guess would I
be bored without it is life cooler is
life better that way we talked about how
I'm improving all these people's lives
and it's emitting karmic organs that I'm
absorbing with my Aikido making me
stronger than ever before because of all
the lives I've improved perhaps it's
not even just about improving lives
perhaps it's just about the fact that
there are people dedicating their
existences dedicating the calories they
burn from the food they eat towards my
name whether they like me or dislike me
there are full-grown adults who get up
in the morning and butter toast so they
can have enough energy to sit down and
focus on Andrew Tate that's called me
that's gonna be a benefit even if
they're sitting in the room going we
need to put him in jail we need to put
him in jail keep eating your toast keep
butter and your toast because those
calories you burn are mine it is all
mine I'm like Shang Tsung I've taken
their souls I've absorbed it whether
they like me or hate me I don't even
care anymore I've also decided I live in
a mirrored ball so my mirrored ball which
I've decided can absorb all the positive
organs through it which make more me
more powerful than ever before but I've
noticed that my biggest haters are so
bitter they hate their lives because
when you hate somebody you're the one
who swallowed the poison if they don't
care whether you exist or not they
win right apathy is a superpower my
haters try and send negative energy my
way and it just bounces right back and
ends up in their heart because they're
like he's a bad guy and then everyone
loves me and my life is fantastic and
they and they get mad about that and
they end up just hating their lives it's
funny because you know it's so funny
because one of the guys a guy I speak
to here and there not like a great
friend or anything but he doesn't he's
not a fan of you people don't have to
agree with everything I say they don't
have to like everything I say they don't
have to like everything about me I think
that's the true mark of a professional
like I can sit with somebody and hate
95% about them but the 5% I do like is
valuable enough for me to sit with them
I can sit with people who I think are
idiots in many or I disagree with in
many regards however they have that one
attribute that makes them worth speaking
to to sit and say Andrew Tate oh he's
disgusting he said women can't park so
you don't want to listen to anything I
say about motivation as a world champion
athlete or mindset as a billionaire or
business or finance you don't listen to
any of that because you're upset that I
said women can't park well then you're
a dummy yeah well then you're a dummy
right because firstly women can't park
and secondly but you're too stuck on the
hatred bit for you to learn anything
these are bitter these are bitter hate
filled people hate I know it's a bit of a
cliche but it's true hate never comes
from above it's it when I if I've ever
been unfortunate enough to see the face
of one of my haters I totally get it
I'm like bro I get it I totally get it
I remind you of the guy who picked on
you your whole life I get it I'm big and
cool and strong and smart and you're a
dork I totally understand anyone on
Twitter these and on accounts who hate
me etc I bro I get it they are nobodies
nobodies and they can't pay their bills
and they're sad and they're trying to
attack me with it but maybe I'm what's
the word I'm looking for is it petty is
it immature I'm not sure but when I see
these little nerds like I hate you so
much it just makes me happy I don't know
I can't I'm just like I love it I'm like
I know I know I know you do if you're not
hated if you don't have haters what have
you achieved if there's no one on earth
who doesn't who doesn't dislike you then
you don't then you must not have an
opinion you must just be neutral like
goo you can be the best thing on earth
you can be t-bone steak somebody's gonna
not like t-bone steak most people do but
there's always gonna be someone who
doesn't yeah maybe you can become some
form of gloopy porridge in the middle that
no one likes no one hates you're just
there but if you want to be t-bone
there's gonna be some idiot who comes
along goes oh this is terrible this is
gonna be some idiot the world's full of
idiots that's fine but um I'd be very
concerned if I didn't have haters and
I'd be very very worried if the MSM
weren't trying to attack me I kind of
feel like that's the perfect proof that
I'm on the right path and I also find it
quite flattering that these governments
with all of their problems of course
they don't care about the people but
they'll divert genuine resource to
trying to destroy my influence I find
that quite flattering that means I must
be effective I must be doing a good job
telling men to go to the gym and don't
listen to the bullshit so yeah it's
very interesting what do you imagine
the world to look like in 5-10 years
time as I mentioned earlier on you got
AI and you got Apple Vision Pro and
eventually they're gonna come out of
sunglasses like the ones you're wearing
now that have every little thing that
you can need to see in front of you so
what do you imagine the world to look
like is it a scary place or is it a
thing of where it's interesting it's a
good question and I'm gonna tell people
how I came to my answer I think the
best way to predict the future is to
study history I believe in times of old
let's go back the last 3,000 years if
you were a king your life is pretty
good or it was as good as life could be
to be a king you had power influence
money that's what you had and you were
a king and you lived a good version of
life if you weren't a king you were an
average man a common man and I think the
world is cyclical when you were a common
man 2,000 years ago you were effectively a
slave and life was terrible and then that
was the same all the way up to perhaps
the 1930s 1940s being a common man was
pretty terrible and perhaps it was the
war and the massive loss of life perhaps
it was something else I'm not sure but I
kind of feel like there was a golden
period between the in the 50s to 60s to
70s to 80s maybe even the 90s we're being
a normal hard-working man because life is
cyclical went from being a terrible
existence to quite a good existence in the
60s you could be a normal man who worked
in a factory an unskilled labor job and
with one wage you could afford a house
you could afford a car you could afford
to raise a family your children would not
be taught garbage in school your wife
would respect you you'd have a home
cooked meal times are good times are good
all the things I said about playing uno
earlier in hyperbole are true what
matters most your wife loves you you're
respected as the breadwinner your kids
respect you they listen to you your house
is clean your house is safe your car works
your life is good and I feel like because
it's cyclical those good times are over and
we're going back to where it was before
the kings have always been fine and we
always will but if you're the common man I
think that the good days are over and I
think it's going to get harder and harder
inflation is going to absolutely decimate
your spending power now inflation doesn't
damage me inflation doesn't damage me
because I own all the assets inflation
just means houses get worth more money
inflation just means Bitcoin and stock
and land and houses all go up inflation
means my car collection is no longer worth
110 million it's now worth 300 million
whatever I own everything inflation is
amazing for the rich man 100% I love it but
for the broke man you're done you're fit
you're done you're finished because
inflation is meaning your money is worth
less and it's going to take more of your
money to buy a house and your wage is not
going to increase at the rate of inflation
it's becoming more and more impossible for
you to own assets for us asset owners
inflation is fantastic so the common man is
about to get wrecked I think inflation is
going to make it exceptionally difficult I
think AI is going to make most jobs worth
less than they already currently are if
you're a newspaper writer or whatever AI is
taking AI is going to take that in the next
10 years and you're going to if you still
have a job it's going to be only managing
the AI which means you're going to be paid
even less than you're currently paid I
think life is about to become exceptionally
difficult for the people in the middle I
think the good times are old over I think
it's going to go back to the feudal system
of kings and serfs and peasants and I think
if you're a normal average person now you
should feel deep fear and panic and
understand that you have a certain amount
of time to get into the higher bracket of
the social class before these hard times
come and the most scary thing about these
hard times is I have no I have no real
evidence for this it's just in my mind I
feel like the gap is going to permanently
close in olden times let me think about
this thought because in olden times the
chance of turning into anything more than a
peasant when you were born a peasant was
effectively zero unless there was chaos
unless there was a war or some great
catastrophe which allowed social mobility
for you to go to war win get a knighthood for
bravery get some land and change your social
mobility class but there had to be war and
chaos for you to escape because without the
chaos it's kind of like a prison break when
all the rules are being adhered to and the
prison is operating as it should you're
stuck in your cell but if there's a prison
riot you have a chance to escape which means
uncertainty and chaos are required for the
difference in social mobility and that's
always been the case but now I feel like
with AI and certain other things although
there's going to be instability in the world
although they're going to continue to lie
to us I feel like the matrix is going to
gain enough control to keep us all in our
pods or in our 15 minute cities or our
electric cars will be turned off or we need
to get our bug rations for the week so that
there can't ever be enough true chaos for
you to escape there won't be true social
mobility and I feel like there's going to
be a close the people who are rich now their
bloodlines will be rich for a very long time
and the people who are poor now they don't
get rich soon in the next 10 years or so
they're never gonna get rich you're never
going to get rich the prices of houses are
going to continue to go up prices of land
is going to continue to go up inflation is
going to continue to happen your wages will
not catch up it's going to get harder and
harder for the average person to ever stand
a chance yeah it's almost it's now or
never it's almost impossible right now how
does the average person on average wage buy
a house in London right now it's almost
impossible already I think in the next 10
years it's gonna become truly impossible I'm
gonna use AI to keep the gap closed and
what's interesting about that is well I'm
I'm in the rich team I guess but what I
find most interesting about that is the
socio ramifications of the fact that I
think this is quite pertinent to most
average people I think most normal people
understand if you were to ask them how is
the economy they'd say well it's impossible I
can't pay for my bills I can't pay to eat I
can't afford a house I can barely afford my
mortgage I'm never gonna get rich this way
they understand all of this but they're
not panicking why are you not panicking the
Titanic just hit the iceberg you may not
be in the water yet but it's a certainty
there's nowhere else to go it's going to
sink it's gonna happen panic now don't
panic at the end with everyone else as
they go into the icy depths no I would
argue if I was on the Titanic and it got
struck by the iceberg I could have got a
lifeboat nice and early now I wouldn't
have women and children first I'm just
using this as a example analogy no I know
where you're going with it I could have
gone to the top deck when no one else was
panicking and said you know what I want
this I want to go on a lifeboat no I don't
feel comfortable on a lifeboat and the guard
probably said to me you don't need to go
on a lifeboat it's no big deal I said yeah
but please just give me the lifeboat or
here's some money or whatever I want this
one give me this one everyone started
panicking at the end and there was no
lifeboat and people are sitting here now
going oh yeah the economy's bad but you
know maybe if we vote for this person who
the don't swear wrong who are you gonna
vote for that's gonna put money in your
pocket actually actually come along and
say here's money nobody still got pay your
council tax still a brokey nobody cares
no one you vote for is gonna change it
it's gonna get worse it's gonna continue
and you know the boat is gonna sink and
you're not panicking that's why I kind of
catch myself and one of the things I try
very hard not to do is become elitist
because when you've come from the
absolute bottom to the absolute top and
you've done it all off of your own back
and hard work and dedication and never
missing a day the only shortcut to life
is to never miss a day one because of
compounding interest and two because
sometimes you get lucky and you'll never
miss a lucky day if you try every day if
you don't try every day you might miss
your lucky day and that's what people
don't understand if you never miss a day
and you never don't try and you're
always on time was I late today no on
time and you try and improve every
aspect of your life and you're a
professional and you try and make sure
that you analyze your decisions you give
yourself feedback you don't make
mistakes you're not lazy if you try and
you make it to the top you end up
elitist because you look at the people
down below and you're like well why
didn't you try I did oh I did too no you
didn't that's a lie now you're lying to
me and that annoys me and you catch
yourself being very elitist and this is
what's scary about it because I'm from a
Luton council estate and now I have all
this money but if I meet somebody who's
truly broke truly broke I'm not talking
about you not have hundreds of millions
but if I meet somebody who's broke I
think they're an idiot and I catch
myself going is that bad am I elitist
or do I sit down now and I just say no
I started lower than you and beat you
how are you poor you're you're lazy
okay okay fair enough I was gonna say
why would you say if they're an idiot if
you wanted that position as well no I was
but I got out and and I think one of the
three there's only three reasons you
can't get rich in the world today which
is either you're stupid you're lazy or
you're arrogant and I find the most
common one is lazy and arrogant it's not
stupid there's nobody at home who is
too stupid to become rich I'm sure
anyone watching this podcast right now
if you were to sit down next to me and
I would say do this do this do this do
this do this you could do it of course
you could but you're too lazy to learn
how to do it yourself and you're too
arrogant to listen and you're too
arrogant to listen it's not about being
stupid you're lazy or arrogant it's one
of the two those are the two most common
factors of people so when I meet people
who have truly failed and they pretend
to me that they didn't want to fail I
know they're one of the three and it's
usually arrogant because when I sit and
say to them you could have got out they
don't say you're right I could have got
out I didn't try that shows humility
they don't do that they say no no no
because it's a excuse excuse someone
else's fault the matrix is fault no
self-accountability oh well you don't
know what you're talking about anyway
arrogance arrogance arrogance
sounds like feminine mindset to me
well yeah exactly and then I'm gonna
lose yeah so I catch myself being
elitist and I try very hard not to be
because I don't consider myself a rich
man I'm a poor man with lots of
money and what's scary about being
elitist is if I'm from a Luton council
estate and I have a bunch of money now
and I see the common man as a lazy
idiot imagine how the elites see us and
then you start to really go down the
rabbit hole when you understand these
people who've been in charge of the
world for a very long time who own the
banks who believe they're genetically
superior to us because why not their
families always own the bank they can
be a fat loser but they just believe
they're something because why not they
have a big boat so that's just what
they're gonna believe isn't it
imagine how they view the common man
you think they give a shit about you
or your family or your income or your
wages you think they care about you
you think they're gonna make life
easier for the common man in the next
10 years as you've just asked or are
they gonna continue to decimate your
lifestyle for their own forever profit
there's no light without dark which is a
basic fundamental law of the universe
which can't be broken and especially as
these large companies want forever
profits which they do and they own
everything like I don't think many
people understand if you go into
Sainsbury's and you look around at the
brands you will struggle to find 10
brands that aren't owned by the same
company yeah the whole thing's owned
the same company that owns Sainsbury's
owns every brand is all they own
everything so if they want forever
profits which they do they're not
going to do that without owning
everything well and also you you have
to take that money from somewhere if
they can make you poor so they can get
richer they will if they own all the
assets they want inflation they want
inflation they don't care they don't
care about you they don't care you
can't feed your family why would they
so and you can ask so you can also
look at this from a global a global
perspective which is quite interesting
because Europe America was built off
the back of World War II World War II
made America rich but Europe for the
longest time got rich off the
exploitation of second and third world
nations that's how it got rich by
building empires in Africa and Asia
etc colonizing countries that's how they
got rich and now we have populations in
Europe and in the West which are
decadent and we want high wages and we
want maternity leave and we want holiday
pay and we want good working standards
and we want good working hours and we
want nice chairs to sit on now we're
entitled and if you're a company and you
need slaves do you want entitled slaves
or do you want slaves who are just going
to do their job for low pay and then you
start to understand why immigration is
being unchecked on purpose so they can
bring in people to try and work jobs
for basically nothing who don't want
standard of living and don't want
standard of work and what they're
effectively doing now is instead of
exploiting the second and third world
to benefit Europe the globalists are
now decimating Europe on purpose so that
they can live somewhere else and okay
that's going to prop up the economies of
the second and third world so the whole
thing is reversed instead of destroying
instead of destroying the second and
third world for the benefit of Europe
they destroy Europe and that's going to
benefit the second and third world but
they're globalists and they don't care
all they care about is forever profits
they'll go live in Saudi they'll go live
in Mumbai they don't care they're not
tied to the land or tied to the place
like the average European is so if you're
the average man in a European country and
you're not financially free and you're
stuck somewhere in the middle not only is
your life going to get harder but also
the place you live in is going to get
worse your wages are going to go down
crime's going to increase all of these
things are going to happen so that the
people in charge can get their forever
profits and avoid all the mess they make
and it's all done purposefully if I was an
average person I'd be genuinely afraid I
mean it's easy for me because I have so
much money okay I'm currently restricted
in Romania and I'm under a matrix attack
and they put me in jail blah blah blah one
day I'll get out and one day it will be
over and I'll still be a millionaire and I
can look at the map and go where is safe
Tokyo cool but most people can't do that
they can't do that they're stuck and the
fact that that doesn't bother them or
they don't panic I find flabbergasting I
mean the the iceberg has struck the
Titanic how long can you have a border
where people can arrive by dinghy and
throw acid in people's face until your
nation has fallen how long will you allow
this to happen until you realize it's done
it's done it's done and how long will you
sit there and get hit by endless bills
that continue inflation that wrecks your
currency wages that don't increase new
taxes with ulez cameras unchecked
immigration for people who who don't have a
passport crime rates increase bro I said
this Tristan we were saying how we miss
England because we're English in our
hearts and part of us miss it and I was
saying you know what if I lived in
England I couldn't even protect myself I
have guys here with guns because I'm
currently on bail and I can't carry a gun
otherwise I'm strapped all the time if
you come to my house there's a big gate
and there's pit bulls and there's four
guys with weapons guns you need seal team
six to get in my house there's bulletproof
doors and I have a gun next to my bed I'm
the final boss it's gonna be a shoot out
in England I can have all the money in the
world I can go to Radlet I was looking at a
house in Radlet I'll say right now it's
12 million pounds it was gorgeous and I
thought it's it's worth 20 million for
12 million is worth bargain bargain yeah
and I was like Tristan if we bought this
house the problem is we couldn't even
protect ourselves because eventually
someone will work out it's our house
it's like it's just like all the
footballers of course all the footballers
when they go to play matches they all
get robbed bro eventually someone work
out it's our house the only way you
protect yourself in the west now is to
hide I was like we can buy this house
not put it in videos not put on social
media not invite girls over because you
know what'll happen you'll invite a girl
over one day yeah she'll say I'm coming
with my friend Lucy from the not from the
BBC a different one but like okay Lucy
she comes Lucy turns up she's a seven
you don't talk to Lucy nobody likes
Lucy she sits around she's a seven she's
in the location everyone she sends a
look she knows next weekend she's out
sniffing coke with some dickhead and
she's like I was at Tate's house no you
weren't yeah I was at Tate's I was
looking at this picture where was it
here boom boom now the they now know
where your house is they start talking
about it Mr. Bugatti Mr. Diamond Watch
I'm sitting in my Radlet house there's
fucking 25 windows six door
entrances I'm like Tristan we can't
even hire armed guards who could we
even hire to protect the house I could
come along with a million dollar a
month contract I'd end up with G4S some
old man sitting in a little box and
when they rock up 20 dudes with blades
it's over you can't even be rich in
England unless you want to hide tell me
this yeah sorry I wear a $400,000 watch
in Bucharest Romania in London I can't
wear it in London I don't wear it so
we're talking about how the nation's
failed you could be rich in England and
you're still not safe you still have to
pray they don't find you you have to
live like a hermit like a cockroach under
a rock and hide or maybe you get a chance
to call the police before they chop your
wife's hands off oh that's great that's
how fallen this nation is and there are
people there with no money they're not even
rich like me they have no money and
they're sitting there going it'll be okay
maybe if we get Rishi Sunak out and get
another one in no it won't no it won't
it is a failed society you need God
revert to Islam and move to Saudi Arabia
in Saudi Arabia none of that will happen
to you this I was gonna say so tell me
picture this for me yeah paint me this
picture the case was dropped you're free
to go wherever you want you get on your
private jet tomorrow yeah where do you
tell the pilot to go well that's I'm
talking about to reside not just holiday
yeah to reside yeah and that's the thing
that's interesting because I really
truly believe the Western world has
fallen and one of the things I
prioritize now in my stage of life is
safety I don't see the point in
anything if I'm gonna end up killed by
if you're gonna kill me at least the
matrix has to kill me at least make it a
cool story he was telling the truth he
did fun podcast they assassinated him
make it good I don't want to die because
some idiot wanted my watch you know I
want to I don't want to die for that and
I feel like the whole Western world is
that dangerous now I make this clear
when I go to London I'm probably the
most nervous I don't know how anyone
lives in London without feeling nervous
I'm so nervous all the time and it
costs me such an exorbitant amount of
money if me my brother and a couple
friends go to London we'll jet from here
that's 50 grand and then there's four of
us that's four rooms and we want to stay
in a five-star hotel says two grand a
night says 10 grand in hotels and then
I have my security team there's three
grand a day so it's it's 13 or 14 grand
a day in hotels and security 50 grand to
get in then I'll go shopping of course
normal but even when I'm walking around
Harrods my head's on a swivel and I've
got three dudes with me who are six foot
eight and I'm still like and then and
then you'll hear about someone get robbed
just outside Harrods while you're in
Harrods you're like how do people live in
this city and they're just living there
like oh it's not that bad yes it is
yes it is I've never had that this is
the capital of the poorest nation in
the European Union I've never had any
problems here I've never had I drove a
Bugatti around the streets I parked my
Ferrari on street corners I wore a
four hundred thousand dollar watch I've
never had anything yes I have security
yes I had armed guards but for the
years before that I never had any
trouble what's interesting about it as
well is that these these things stand
out from the crowd obviously I've been
here for you know a couple of nights
now and you don't ever see a Ferrari
Bugatti Lamborghini so when when you see
Tate in his row you know yeah so it's
very easy if this was like London your
target hundred percent oh bro this is my
point Lucy would give the location up and
I'd be a target I'd be decimated so how
how do you have a nation where you're not
allowed to be wealthy without hiding where
you can arrive without a passport where
they can't catch people who decimate
people's faces with corrosive substances
where there's people in a room the those
who are supposed to be designated towards
enforcing law and justice trying to put
me in jail because I said women can't
pop this whole thing is a clown show this
whole thing is a clown show and only God
can save us now my friend I don't know
what the West is gonna do but this clown
show is built on the back of the taxes of
the hard-working average man you're the
average man not only is your life fucked
not only is your future fucked not only
are your children going to be finished
you're paying for this you are paying for
all of it and then if you ever get to a
point of finance where you don't have to
pay for as much or you can escape one of
your ex-girlfriends will call you up and
demand money if you don't give it to her
you go to jail what planet are we on the
western world has fallen and empires rise
and empires fall this is the cyclical
nature of the universe that's fine but to
sit and try and pretend it hasn't fallen
is hubris it's being an ostrich and
sticking your head in the sand and the
smartest thing the average man can do is
realize that yes the western world's
fallen and two you have 10 years to get
into the higher class the higher social
mobility class or you and your bloodline
are eternally finished forever yeah which
goes back to a point I said earlier if
I'll teach you how to make money online
for $49 you understand you have less than
a decade to save your entire bloodline
and you do not join well then you're a
loser and your great-grandchildren will
wake up one day in their slave pods eating
the cockroaches and they'll ask their
mother why was granddad a loser why
didn't granddad try and save us and
you're gonna have to sit there and come
up with some answer for them you're gonna
have to say oh well he was busy try and
justify somehow justify he was busy he was
jerking off the porn hub oh he he was
you know it was hard for him it was a
bad economic climate give a bunch of
excuses to your bloodline as they
continue to be slaves forever and
washed my children's cars fine but if
you have a brain you're gonna understand
running out of time you're gonna fix it
especially if you understand the nation
you're in is sinking the Titanic you are
on is about to sink everyone in England
it's done it's over it's done so where
do you go good question I like using
before your arrest you was in England
but before that you was in Dubai for a
few months right I'm I'm everywhere I'm
everywhere and I guess that's one of the
best things about being rich and that's
why these globalists will destroy nations
for profit because they don't care
because in every nation there'll still be
a nice part right so a globalist can come
and fly and land his private jet at a
private airport big in hill doesn't even
land a Heathrow and he can go for two
days and see Windsor Castle and then he
can get back on his jet and then he can go
to St. Moritz in Switzerland and then he
can go to Riyadh and then he can go to
Tokyo and then he go to Maldives and
that's a fun three months you don't need
a house if you have a house it's just to
keep your clothes your house is your jet
your house is your jet so things are
different when you're rich and also since
I've been raided three times now and people
I care about have been raided by the
British police only a few days ago and any
address you have is only a target for the
enemies you don't own that address oh this
is my house my house is my home bet it's
not
please what your house is your home muddy
footprints everywhere and they turn the
whole place upside down they search
everything and they go through all your
private things go through all your
private stuff and guess what they get to
do after that they steal everything they
want steal this steal that steal this rob
you yeah so they come they rob you my
house in Romania was robbed by the
Romanian police house in England are robbed
by the English please why do I even want a
house you know what I want a phone a
laptop backpack a car I don't want house
anymore so you're asking me where I'm
going to live I don't know because now I
don't feel comfortable owning a house
because every single time I get a house
sooner or later on a long enough time
frame friends come to visit it seems so I
don't enjoy having a house anymore because
that feeling of home that feeling of
security has been destroyed the sanctity of a
household has been destroyed for me so
many times I don't feel like I don't have
the homey feeling in fact I feel most
comfortable somewhere transient I feel
most comfortable in a hotel room and I
look around and go if the police kick the
store in they're going to steal the coffee
sachets and they're going to steal the
tv remote and they're not mine I don't
care got my pillow got my bed done don't
care so why don't you do so I don't want a
house I don't want to live anywhere
anymore which is kind of scary but this
ties into how the globalists think they
all think the same as me now why do I need
a house if we have a house it's an
investment we won't buy a house to live
in we'll buy a house as part of a real
estate fund and we'll buy a house in the
south of France for 26 million dollars
and people will rent it off of us and all
the money will go up the chain through our
various shell companies for our real estate
funds we can hold wealth and and outpace
inflation we don't buy a house to live
in I live in five stars and I'm going to
live in five stars forever because it allows
me to one be geographically free and two
brother after me they're like it's scary
you gotta go from bounce place to place
yeah but but you find safety in that and I
think so do the globalists and so do the
people at the top because they understand the
Titanic is sinking so they they they're the
same as me do you feel like because they're
after you you have to bounce all the time so
they can't get you I don't think it's I don't
think it's just that I think it's that when
you're at when you understand how this
world really works and when money has no
value to you anymore and you're truly
absolutely rich you understand the
advantage of not being geographically tied
down there are opportunities happening in
Tokyo right now that people cannot take
advantage of because they can't go to
Tokyo or they can't live in Tokyo they
can't be in Tokyo and it's the same in
Kuala Lumpur and the same in Mumbai and
the same in Dubai and so when you have
geographical freedom you have a lot more
opportunity which is the first thing
second thing I would say it protects you to
some degree but thirdly and most
importantly the reason the globalists do
it is because they're destroying nations
in real time and they don't care and
they'll just go wherever it's safe
but for me you're saying where would I
move on my jet once I'm free I don't
know but I don't think I'm going to stay
still probably I don't know if I'm ever
going to have a house again I don't see
the point in having a home because home
and the idea of home is that it's yours
and I have learned through experience that I
don't it's not mine it's not yours and
anyone at home who thinks I've got my
house and I'm going to work hard and pay
my mortgage and I have my live laugh
love thing and I have my my sofa and I
got my remote and I'm my comfy chair
it ain't yours bro it's not yours you
know you should do you've seen air
Drake the plane that he's got 787 full
private jet massive ting nice that would
be your house that could be that would be
nice yeah but then you kind of go deeper
down the rabbit hole which I always end up
doing they can seize jets they can seize
houses they can see all you truly have is
your soul and your state of mind like you
don't have anything else if you had a
state of mind that meant you didn't fear
jail and you had a soul that meant you
knew you were doing the right thing that's
the only way you're free not because you're
stay out of jail staying out of jail doesn't
make you free having a house you can hide
in like a cockroach said the robbers or the
government don't know where it is it
doesn't make you free what makes you free is I'm
going to tell the truth and no matter what they
do to me I'm going to be happy anyway
I'm happy in jail I'm fine with jail put me
in jail and the prosecutors can all sit
around and high-five each other I don't
care you didn't win because I'm happy
anyway I don't care and I'm more famous
than ever so I still win so that is freedom
freedom truthfully is developing a mindset
where the worst they can do to you doesn't
hurt you kill me then kill me but I don't
know where I'm going to go once I'm free I
have no idea I don't know where I'm going
to live once I'm free I have no idea I don't
know if I'm going to live anywhere ever
again I have no idea I don't know I'm just
going to have to play it by ear I guess and I
will say this there is a strange sense of
homelessness that I do feel because when your
host nation which I consider to be England I'm
part I'm English part American but I left
American I was very young I consider myself
British when your host nation attacks you
and abandons you it's a strange feeling I
want people at home to understand that
imagine you're raised in England you're
British you've spent your whole life
watching Coronation Street and eating fish
and chips and saying you can't park there
mate and everything else like everyone else
and then because you have a point of view
members of parliament the BBC which is
state-sponsored media the mainstream media
establishment everyone turns on you and
start saying you're the devil and please
understand if I was telling kids to chop
their dick off I wouldn't be the devil then
I'd be celebrated so if I was actually
satanist and was actually the devil I'd be
celebrated and when you actually tell the
good things and tell the truth you're the
bad guy when your whole country not a few
people turn on you your whole country
turns on you it's kind of a sad feeling
imagine all the times you had a best
friend and they turned on you and start
talking bad about you imagine how that
made you feel a little bit imagine your
nation doing that to you imagine your whole
whole country turning on you and it's
kind of crazy because if I was from
Azerbaijan and I was this famous and this
influential and this many people listen
to me I'd be royalty I'd be hanging
around with the president and they'd say
good job yeah you did great for
Azerbaijan thanks for telling the truth
but because I'm from England and England
is run by Satanists it seems and they're
not a Christian nation anymore it seems
because everything I'm preaching is
Christian values what am I saying work
hard dedicate yourself don't give up
don't listen to the garbage yeah it's all
the holy books this Christian nation is
so threatened by me that they've
completely turned on me and have
instructed prosecutors to try and
destroy my life it's a very strange
feeling and it does make you feel sad
the same as losing a best friend losing
your country makes you feel sad because
Romania was my adopted home they've done
to me what they've done to me we can go
down the rabbit hole as to whether they
were inspired by the Americans and
British or if they did it themselves
that's one conversation which I can't
have yet the other conversation is
whether I stand a fairer chance in a
Romanian court because it's less
politically charged than an English
court quick question there off that
though you said you can't have the
conversation yet do you know the
answer yes okay so Romania was my
host nation but this has happened to me
here okay so you have a strange
longing for home but if your home is
run by psychopaths who hate you
ideologically what do you do it's
really weird I can't explain it's a
strange feeling of homelessness to be a
super rich and can go anywhere but you
have no home and every house you've
ever bought and tried to turn into a
home has been decimated by law
enforcement imagine it every time you
go and you set up a little house
somewhere else you're like a
refugee you're like a refugee your
nation hates you you're a refugee your
nation hates you they attack you you
know you've done nothing wrong you
say okay I'll go I'll move and I'll
start a little house over here and I'll
have I'll have a woman I'll have kids
yeah I'll have a family my children
live here boom down the ground and
please okay let me let me go over
here with my family my kids and put my
kids same thing bro what the fuck am I
supposed to do with my life now it's
scary and then you could say well do I
just shut up so they'll stop doing this
to me or do I just continue to talk so I
can tell everybody that they're going to
do it to all of us and that's the real
question I kind of feel like the men who
avoid war think that war will end but no
you just ensure your decimation and
extermination if you avoid to fight if
you wake up and say I refuse to fight
you don't end the wars you just make
sure you lose that's the difference
this war is coming for everybody if they
don't do this to me they'll do this to
someone else in fact they're probably
doing it to many other people right now
I'm just the one with the biggest voice
so the reason I allow this to keep
happening to me is because I understand
that if I shut up I don't stop it
happening even if I stop happening to me
maybe I don't stop it happening as a
whole it's going to happen to anybody
who tells the truth anybody who speaks
up and has a large enough platform your
ability to speak freely is directly
correlated to your insignificance don't
forget that it's very important and
that's why I feel like instead of
cowering out I need to highlight it and I
feel bad not for me I feel bad for the
mothers of my children I feel bad for my
three-year-old kids I feel bad for them
they're the ones I feel bad for I'm a man
I'm a man put a gun in my face I'm a
man kids and women these are innocent
bystanders dragged to jail cells by
prosecutors for justice the good guys
the good guys right there's not what I'm
looking at because it's like you are the
man that they're coming after but they're
the ones are also going to have to face
their well here's the thing that's so
interesting right because that's the
attack vectors of a powerful man has
always been the same thing when we said
earlier about why rich men get in
trouble and I said girls attack vectors
will always be identified by your
enemies and the primary attack vector
for any enemy is a girl give an
example story we just told earlier
about Lucy at my house how did the bad
guys with the machetes find out where my
house was a girl if I have enemies who
want me dead let's say I've annoyed the
Turks and I'm in London I know how to not
get caught but the girl with her
Instagram story with the corner of the
napkin didn't know now I'm toast so she
tips a selfie up in the hotel they
recognized the hotel now they're waiting
outside toast if I had to catch and find
someone and he knew I was after him I
just find who his girls are who's he
fucking follow them and bro it's easy
it's so easy because women have no
opsec it's funny because I've seen it
first time as well bro they care more
about their Instagram likes than your life
yeah that woman you're in love with that
woman you'll do anything for cares more
about getting likes on her Instagram than
you getting stabbed to death because if
you say to her don't post that don't
post that there's people after me
let's just a picture I'm gonna get my
likes likes aren't even money they're not
even money we mean likes who cares they're
gonna kill me oh but it's a coffee cup
it's cute bro and you're in love with
her and when you die six months later
she'll be in my brother's bed bro wake up
wake up wake up but women are the attack
vector so it's also the same with law
enforcement Andrew Tate is a bad man but
he's smart and he's sharp and he's got
all his things in order and we can't pin
him down not because I'm bad because I'm
innocent they don't believe that they
believe I'm just that good I am that good
but I'm also innocent so what do they do
let's drag the women in here let's threaten
the women let's sit his wife down or one of
his wives or one of his girlfriends and
let's start telling her how often he
cheats on her let's start showing him
her pictures of him with other let's
show her let's love her let's love her
boy method her let's sit her down and be
nice to her and try and convince her to
do something so they're hypocrites because
they do love her blubber boy methods
crying they sit your girlfriend down and
say uh you were with him on the 10th of
February you know on the 11th of
February he was fucking this girl boom
you know he bought this girl this boom you
know with this this boom and they just
they just sit there like snakes and rats
and just say he's a cheater he's bad
what's he ever done to you and she'll be
like well nothing okay but does he ask
you where you go she goes well yeah if I go
out he asked me where I go okay controlling
behavior manipulative bro they just
fucking make it up so women are the attack
vector so how do you avoid this attack
vector well be gay have no kids die alone
well you can't so you have to have women
around you especially when you're rich
you're going to have a bunch of beautiful
women around you so they're the attack
vector for your enemies for the law
enforcement for everything so the women
who are around me yeah they get caught up
in the crossfire because that's how the
enemy is going to try and get to me
whether it's the bad guys trying to kill
me or the law enforcement and I have to
say to my women listen there's no light
without dark you fly on private jets and
you get to drive around in my Bugatti and
you get to stay in five-star hotels and you
get to go for golden facials that are six
thousand pounds of harrods a day you get
all of that yes and sometimes these
idiots are going to drag you down to a
police station and say why does he give
you so much money and you're going to
have to explain to them my facials are
expensive that's that's the game but the
fact that these evil people think they're
doing good dragging women into rooms and
wrecking their lives is crazy but if you
look at the biggest most heinous acts ever
done in humanity it was by people who
thought they did good and this is where we
go back into feedback because if i was a
police officer about the prosecutor i
would have enough cognitive ability to
sit and say am i the good guy here am i
actually the good guy not i'm the police
that's that's matrix mind that's that's
clown world actually use my brain i'm
dragging innocent people into rooms i'm
putting innocent people in jail i'm
questioning innocent women who are just
getting presents from their boyfriend i'm
fucking with this guy who's never hurt me
in my life ever they've already been
fucked with by the remaining government
he's clearly innocent because they're
about to let him out and he's not in jail
anymore
what am i doing okay i'm getting my wage
but what am i doing
am i am i fighting the good fight here
but they don't even have enough
feedback enough self-analysis or they're
so arrogant that they'll look in the
mirror and they're putting their shirt
every day yep
police i'm the police you're a dummy
you're the police go catch the guy who
put acid in people's face let me
into the police you dumb ass you put my baby
mama in jail bro clown world clown world we live
in a joke we live in a clown world i don't
think people understand that every single
thing that you believe in at home the medical system the judicial system the
financial system the educational system you name a system it's a joke the
shit they teach in school is a joke the money's not real laws not real it's all a big clown show
it's a circus all of it and they're the things you rely on you need these things you need them to
educate your kids you need the money to be worth something you need the law to be
fair and it's all a scam all of it's a scam it's like life as we
know it is a scam it's a scam and then you sit down and go okay
well if that's true what do we have left what do we do andrew and i go back to my
original answer you need brothers who will die beside you because that's all
life's ever been when things get hard and when i say hard i mean really hard
the best thing you're going to have is a brother who will die beside you
your woman can give you emotional support but she can't do much else
when things get difficult women often become a burden
if you're walking down the street and a terrorist attack happens heaven forbid
you'll wish you weren't with a chick because being with a chick now come on let's go go
and you have to carry her right because they're slow and they're like oh my my heels and they're
a nightmare you have to look after them if you're with your boy bro
shit you feel better yeah you feel better on site you're on site yeah men help you when things get
hard men around you are going to be your number one asset it's always been that way when the when
the horde arrived at vienna it was brothers with swords who were ready to die by each other that
defended the city and vice versa to attack the city that's what you're always going to need
women may be able to say to you good job keep going but they can't do much else and in the hardest
times you don't have time for motivation you're motivated by self-instinct and self-preservation
so you can deal with all that crap afterwards so if you're a man and your primary friend your best
friend or the person you're relying on the most you spend most of your time with is your chick
that's fine but you're going to regret that when things get hard because you don't have any real
backup i spend most of my time with my guys and i love my women with all my heart but my team comes
first because they're the ones who will save me they're the only ones who can save me if i really
need saving push comes to self absolutely so brotherhood's the most important thing and and
money's another important thing like i talked about but i don't know it's it's how do you how do you in
this clown world how do you survive like i said earlier you need the brotherhood because of the
reasons i just gave and you need to have money to get on the highest socioeconomic ladder and you need
god and besides those three things i can't find another answer for it because every time i've ever
tried to rely on the education system the financial system the judicial system every time they failed me
every time i've learned what it is you know what most people don't understand all of these things
all the systems i've just named the medical system we just learned what scam that was
your ninth booster clown world all of these things are just people walking into a room and
saying things and people are fallible think how many people you know who are idiots cool that's
those those people who you think are idiots are the systems i just described yeah the education system
is just someone standing there talking the judicial system is someone standing there talking the
medical system is someone standing there talking just idiots walk into rooms they've got badge
the justice system the police the prosecutor who doesn't realize he's doing no good for anybody
that he believes fallacies that he's destroying people's lives and he's not a good person he's
actually the bad guy in this story he's actually the bad guy in the story without enough self-awareness
look in the mirror and go i'm a fuck up he's gonna sit there go i'm the good guy i got this bad
yeah but that's just you're just idiot dummies and then they're sitting oh no we live in a fair
world and the law is fair and school's good they're dummies bro what's even scarier is
all of these people are not only fallible but they're very human and what scares me about the
moral decay of the world is that all of these people are involved in the moral decay so for
example as certain ideas let's take one that's a bit vanilla so this podcast doesn't get banned
i could choose one of 20 i'm gonna choose a vanilla one pornography it's vanilla as pornography
becomes prevalent i don't care because i don't watch pornography i don't watch porn why would i
i haven't got time to service my women as it is i'm busy so the last thing i have time for is that
garbage but then most people don't sit and go oh but that means your judge watches a bunch of porn
your lawyer watches a bunch of porn teacher of your kids watches a bunch of porn police officer who's
arresting you for being a bad person was jerking off last night to a bunch of porn all these people who
you need to rely on who are authority and strong moral upstanding characters and mr dickhead with
his badge they're all a bunch of wankers they're all a bunch of wankers correct that's it and you can
take that you can do porn then you can take swinging or you take uh homosexuality or you take all these
things or this sexual all these this moral degradation is has infected our institutions
right so you'll stand there in front of a judge and the judge watches porn and his wife gets banged by
his best friend because they're swingers and he dresses he cross dresses and then he's gonna sit
there judge honorable go to jail bro it's fucking scary it's all fucked it's all fucked yeah that's
and i'm just sitting there like bro and then i know that all this crosses my mind
so when you remove god from society you live in godless societies yeah you have the moral degradation
but it doesn't just destroy the populace it destroys the institutions of the populace that's
the worst thing about it and now we're living in a society which is so brutally corrupt to the core
the world health organization says i need 10 injections of poison otherwise i'm going to die
and all of them jerk off all day every night they jerk bro they do these world economic forum davos
shit all these people are in charge of the world and they all go to switzerland yep i saw something on
twitter on the days where everyone flies in for these global economic summits all the world leaders
etc the local hooker and strip club are booked out you can't get a hooker on those days because
they're all booked in advance so the people who are deciding what's happening with you are booking orgies
and all their orgies are organized the people who call me a human trafficker are going to
fuck young girls who are sexually abused for money and i'm even trafficker and it's just like what what
clown planet are we on the best hope you have is to believe in god and find some degree of religious
of of religious ideology amongst the everyday life that's the the best hope you have is to find a
a society where people are afraid of god because the idea that the people who are in charge of the
world who told the media machine to convince everyone at home i'm a human trafficker to put
me in jail then all fly and have a big conference to talk about inflating the currency on purpose so
they can make everybody a slave and then they book out prostitutes who are probably touched as kids
and then they fuck them in massive orgies doing god knows what and i'm the bad guy and this is all
supposed to be okay and it's all acceptable and if i mention it mr plod the police officer who
also jerks off the porn hub is after me with his other prosecutors who all jerk off in the room
it's just like bro the world's a mess it's a mess i don't have the answer to these things besides
brotherhood and money if you have brothers you can rely on a strong upstanding character and you
have hundreds of millions of dollars and you believe in god like me you can resist i'm not
bro i'm not winning aikido i'm not winning i'm just good at getting hit that's all it is i'm not
beating these people i'm not stopping them coming into my house i'm not stopping them arresting me
i'm not stopping them locking up my baby all i'm doing is i'm good at getting punched in the face
and smiling i'm good at getting here i'll become tough that's it if you get these things you can
resist the oppression with your aikido you can take a put a shot and you can smile back but that's the
best you can hope for if you haven't got those things as soon as you get hit once you're out
and it's done it's over and then we go deeper down the rabbit hole because deeper down the rabbit
hole is then you learn one of the biggest things the matrix tried to do is when they try to isolate
you most people don't understand the effect these kind of matrix attacks have on the average man's
relationships with people if you're a man with a normal job and you're doing the normal thing and
you're in the middle and you're following your job and you get caught up in some bullshit or whatever
you tell too much truth and you lose your job when you lose your job you only have two months
until you lose your marriage unless you get another job you're gonna lose your wife you're
gonna lose your kids they're gonna make a whole life fall apart 100 when you go to jail i heard
it on the jail phone number one argument i heard on the phone in jail was women yelling at their men
how am i supposed to pay the bills because women are self-interested women are survivors me me me me
they're selfish yep you're in jail how do i pay the bills and the man's like yeah i'm in jail what
do you want me to do about it well you're always hanging out with your friends on the street corner and
that's why you're in jail that's not why i'm in jail that's nothing to do with it you've made that
up well i can't pay the bills that then six months later she's fucking someone else and he kills
himself that's what happens right so deeper down the rabbit hole is not only does the matrix try
and destroy you financially destroy your influence destroy your reputation but they also understand
that they do this to you heavily it trickles down in every other aspect i'm fortunate because of my
brutal competence and because i'm so charming and lovely and i've got a long johnson that my women
have dedicated themselves to me for life that puts me in a very fortunate situation most men are not
in that situation which actually ties back i wonder if pc plod works this out if i understand that i'm
going to be under matrix attack for the rest of my human years and the chance of me going to jail is
100 and i can't resist the forces of evil i'm just good enough at getting hit that i can stay standing
because my aikido is masterful and i find a woman i'm truly in love with why the
fuck would i not buy her golden facials dipshit duh duh that's what i'm like duh case solved
of course because she waits for me if i go to jail mind blown bro clown world so if you're a man and
you're out there please understand if you have a strong brotherhood and you go to jail you can send
your brother over to your wife and he can lend her money and he ain't gonna fuck her and he's gonna
check on her because he knows what brotherhood is because he knows what brotherhood is and he's
gonna check on the kid and there's gonna be a man that can call if there's trouble and he's gonna
pay the rent and he's gonna make sure she doesn't do anything stupid either she ain't gonna be able
to cheat or run around because he's around everything's under control yep if you have money once again
you can take care of your problems but if you're a normal dude and you get hit you get punched you
can't do like me you can't come on a podcast and make fun of these people and laugh it off
once they hit you you're toast your chicks leaving you you're losing your kids you're
losing your house you're losing your job you're losing it you're done bro done and you ain't getting
back up you're getting knocked out and you're not getting back up so while you're standing if you're
not preparing yourself for this you're a fool you're a fool everything i've just told you about
the world is completely true and you know it so after all of this talking if you don't have the
motivation to get rich still then you're born to lose you're just born to lose then i don't know
what to say to you wash my car goes back to that i don't know what else to say to you go wash it
because you're a loser andrew i know you spend your time in jail reading the quran right right
i want to know did you ever get time to read in stories of the prophets you know what i found most
interesting about the quran you'll see what i'm trying to tie into in a second but go on i don't
want to get this wrong i'd hate getting things like this wrong but i think it says day 365 times
or days 365 times and day 30 times as many there as there is in a month this is month 12 times and
there was all these language patterns inside of it which are it's incredible one of the miracles
i find fascinating is um all i mentioned in the ground you know the ratio of land and water yeah
is 71 percent water yeah uh i think 71 and the rest of it is land yeah god being just in the
quran it's the exact ratio land is mentioned x amount of times and water is mentioned x amount
of times it gives you the exact same ratio as it is and it was recited over 20 something years or
something it's completely incredible even even even to remember to use the word month only 12 times
across 20 something years of of recitement 26 or 29 years it's incredible to me so but what i was going to
ask is with with things that the prophet said back in the day you know there will be a time where
all these are agendas are taking place and people at the time would be like what the hell are you
talking about like written arm and can't be the case you know you got lgbt and all this sort of stuff
and you know at the time that seemed absurd yeah so do you look at it now with obviously life you've
experienced and think he's right oh no absolutely he's right and you see it probably more firsthand than any
of us the problem is i'm talking about people selling their souls i'm talking about all of it
so first let's talk about me selling my soul because i want to make this very clear i keep
saying this and i want people to know at home how this works i was offered to sell my soul so let me
explain to everyone at home exactly how this works you don't become the most googled man on earth
without them trying to control what you say the reason all these stupid superstars say the same
garbage and don't speak out against injustice and don't didn't speak out against covid and don't
tell the truth about anything and don't have any interesting opinions that could actually save
people from slavery is because they've sold their souls and typically you have to sell your souls to
become famous you sell your soul on the ascent and they won't allow you to become famous unless you do
that yeah i broke the matrix so once i was already famous they wanted to control what i said and it's
very simple how it works they come to you with a sponsorship contract for a large company and that large
company will offer you let's say hypothetically let's imagine there's a guy called top g and
imagine they will offer him 50 million and they will say you will take 50 million but to make sure
the brand is represented well you're going to wear certain clothes you dress a certain way and you're
going to have certain opinions you're not going to talk about this you're not going to talk about
that you're not going to talk about this if you're asked about israel palestine you're on this
team and if you're asked about transgenders you're on this team if you're asked about things
you change your opinion and you have to have all these opinions to represent the brand under the
brand integrity guidelines and the good thing about this sponsorship contract is us as a brand
we spend huge amounts of money advertising in these particular media outlets which means the
media will talk good about you they'll stop lying about you they'll stop telling the world you're
bad they'll protect you because they can't insult you because we pay for them by advertising so what
they're basically saying is we'll get the media to stop talking bad about you we'll give you a bunch
of money and you'll say what we want you to say and you become a puppet and a mouthpiece for the
matrix so they didn't say this directly though did they they told me i would have a sponsorship
contract they told me i would have certain opinions to protect the brand integrity guidelines they told
me that i would have favorable reviews favorable outcome from the media because they sponsor the
outlets so that's what they say and they offer you the contract and you can say yes or no so how do
you know that that was a form of selling your soul as opposed to that just being a sponsorship deal
big money obviously they want to protect their brand so when i say sell yourself i'm talking about
literally selling it to the devil oh okay literally sitting here in front of millions of people and
telling everyone it's okay to be transgender isn't that selling my soul whether i do it for a company
or for the devil no it is yeah it is it's selling my soul and they tried to get me to sell my soul
when i said no is when i started saying on podcast something i'm gonna go to jail
and guess what happened so this was a while ago then it was a while ago yeah because the only way
they got away with the insanity of putting me in jail for no reason was after they spun up the media
machine to convince people i'm a bad person first if everyone didn't think i was a bad person you
can't just throw me in jail because everyone would riot and be like what is this garbage so they have to
use the media machine to lie to you so once the media machine start kicking into gear once i declined
their offer i knew what was gonna come i knew it so that's how selling your soul works and i want
everyone at home to also understand 99 of them have sold their soul and you need to sit as a human
at home and say am i gonna idolize someone am i gonna support someone am i gonna respect someone
who has sold their soul to the devil who will tell my children bad ideas who will ruin my family
because i like their music i mean they don't care about you do you care about them please understand
all the artists you listen to all those people on spotify all those actors you like all those sports
stars all those instagram influencers all those garbage people you follow have sold their souls
all of them all and they have done it for their own personal gain so they can make millions and they
don't care how they damage society by extension and you are society so they have decided to damage you
to benefit them why are you following them why are you going to their football games why are you
watching their music videos why are you going to their concerts why are you supporting the people
who have sold you out because they all have i want to make i'm saying this now i'm the only one
they're putting in jail i'm the only one they're putting in jail they've all sold you out if i would
have taken that contract i would have never gone to jail i would never be labeled a human trafficker
i would never have the bad press i'd have 50 million extra pounds i would not have lost 25
million in legal fees so far my life would be objectively better my children would be safer
my women wouldn't have their houses raided all of that if only i had taken the money but i didn't
do you think once someone sells a soul they can't get it back absolutely once you i mean i mean maybe
perhaps you can try and reverse the bad you did perhaps but the scary thing about all of this is
once you sell your soul that's only the beginning so let's say i said yes then i would be invited to
a party which i'd have to go to part of my contract are you talking about a party on like a private
island sort of thing perhaps or a party where something happens and i was there at the time
and there's footage of me there at the time something happened and i had to go as part of my
contract and then i'm not told not to tell anyone don't tell anyone i don't tell anyone because i'm not
supposed to i don't want to get in trouble but now i have a secret i'm harboring and they know i have it
and they're holding it against me and they can blackmail me and then i get invited to go somewhere
else do you understand that's the beginning of it that's the beginning my friend and then you're
so far down the rabbit hole that you know the truth and now even if you want to tell the truth
how do you redeem yourself they'll kill you that's what i'm saying they'll kill you when i look at it
in the likes of that anyone who's brave enough to face execution to tell the truth is the kind of
person who would have been brave enough to say no at the beginning like me i'm the kind of person
who would tell the truth and get killed but i'm also the kind of person who would never get there
that's the point anyone who ends up there is a fucking coward and you're sitting at home
jerking off to the superbowl's halftime show like a dummy and going to concerts when they're in town
supporting the people who have sold you out like a fool because they all have they all have because
if the celebrities with massive voices told the truth which they know to be true about economics
they all have cases about finance they'd all be fucked yeah they'd all be fucked how do they get
away with doing what they get away with how am i a human trafficker and these rappers get to run
around with endless endless endless ratchet chicks and nothing happens it's explain that it's interesting
because i'll speak to someone who knows someone who's actually sold their soul right and this
person was saying people sell their soul for different reasons or they have them sell their
souls for different agendas for example you might have this group of rappers constantly talking about
sex and drugs yeah and you might have this other person constantly pushing the whole you know
agendas of society and all this they literally just target people okay what can we do this
person what can we do this person what can we do this person yeah they'll go they'll go to a rap
group and they'll say we think that your songs about sex and drugs sell the most so here's your
record contract but you need to sing about sex and drugs yeah done just like they'll go to these
streamers and say you have to gamble on stream for kids to watch here's your money there's a there's
a bunch of different ways they do it to degradate society the reason they hate me is the same reason
they hate trump because no one owns us and we have our own money and they can't buy us and they're
trying and we say no and it makes them mad because then you just use money and buy everybody because
everyone's a selfish idiot with no morality who wants cash i i say i have enough money
there you could offer me a billion dollars right now to say something i don't want to say and i'd
say no and they are flabbergasted by that and it angers them to their core because that's the one
tool they've used their entire life to manipulate not only people the world they use money to influence
the world we give money to the newspaper to print that covet is dangerous so that people will buy stock
in the pharmaceutical company that we own because they have to have the vaccine they control everything
with money so when they say here do this and you say no they're like what the fuck no whoo
prosecutor get him human trafficker human trafficker you just had an orgy at davos you just had a
fucking orgy okay and then pc plod police officer i'm a good guy bro dummies bro it's it's great it's
crazy but i have a dream and my dream is that people wake up and realize all these celebrities
hate me why do i follow any of them why do i talk to any of them why do i absorb any of their content
why do i negotiate with any of them because they hate you and you need to at least have enough self
respect to say well if they hate me i'm just not going to support them you know there is one point
there that you said that i will not say i'll disagree but i want to counter it yeah so you said
you know trump is free as well and for the same reason why they don't like hugh's whether we don't
like him yeah i'd argue one thing there yeah he was once a president i'm under the belief and once
again it's a conspiracy that at the cost of you being president is also a sales transaction
so i would say that trump did sell his soul or what do you think i would argue that and i'll tell
you what i think happened trump was like me i got famous and i wasn't supposed to all the
traditional blocks that prevent you from getting famous i bypassed you need to have a sponsorship
contract you need to have a contract that allows them to put you in movies you need to have a contract
that allows them to play your song on the radio you need to get interviews with mainstream media where
they ask you nice questions you need to do all this garbage to get famous i bypassed that and i
can prove it because i got famous via social media so famous in fact that as you correctly said earlier
tick tock has invented brand new algorithms and built brand new detection software to make sure that
nobody can do it again i was a black swan event and they said oh this person got famous and jumped over
all our fences and now he's telling the truth so we need taller fences so now anytime we decide to
ban someone we can ban their voice we can ban people talking about them we can ban a picture of
them we can ban any videos of them we can ban a cartoon that looks like him and then we'll ban the
account with ai people spent a year building brand new ai technology because of me because of me
to make sure that nobody can do it again they don't want anyone to do it ever again trump was the
same nobody expected him to win he wasn't supposed to win the day before the election they said that
hillary clinton had a 99 chance to win and they thought well we'll use the mainstream media machine
and we'll tell everyone at home that trump doesn't stand a chance don't waste your vote and that hillary's
going to win first woman president she's the best she's great and we're going to just sigh off everyone
and then trump won and they're like oh we need higher fences and then biden won who voted for
joe biden no one i'm going to jail but it's true so they just thought higher fences let's just rig it
he didn't sell his soul he came into power and once he was in power they used a media machine
which is what they do using money to convince the world he was racist start riots black lives matter
burn everything down he works for russia garbage he's a bad person accuse him of rape accuse him
of all the same things they've accused me of attack him his presidency's up fuck him off he just lost in
court last week he owes that woman 90 million dollars a woman said trump raped me i don't remember when
i don't remember where the same woman has written a book about how rape is sexy
they he said that bitch is crazy they found him innocent of the rape and found him guilty of
defamation for calling her crazy and he must pay her 90 million dollars matrix attack the law
the judge the law fair the law 90 million make that make sense to me that makes no sense at all
this is my exact point you upset the matrix they come for you lawfare so he was a black swan event
like me they tried to buy him he wouldn't sell now they're going to try and destroy him now they're
trying to take all his money off him and do anything it takes to stop him being president again i don't know
what fences they've raised i don't know what they've got planned but if they think they're going to run
old joe biden against trump and he's going to win fair and square he must be at your fucking mind
something's going on and they've got plans against me so they've made new ai fences so no one gets
famous again without signing that contract because what should have happened to me is when i was at 20
of my influence i was offered that contract and then if i get bigger i'm saying the right things and
then i also need the money when i'm smaller 50 mil was big money to me then yeah now 50 mil is like
what a month's money who cares i don't care i don't want it so that's the whole point
so trump wasn't a sellout let me give you a very simple rule to the world anyone they tell you about
is a bad guy is a good guy and anyone they tell you is a good guy is a sellout is a sellout and a bad
guy you can't go wrong if you go through the world that way they're saying he's the good one he's not
they're saying he's the bad one he's the good one and i guarantee nine times out of fucking 10
you're going to be correct that's how messed up this world is it's genuinely inverse it's
fucked up world it's inversed so i was a black swan event trump was a black swan event we can't be bought
and that's why they're trying to destroy us as simple as that because the demons operate in the
dark demons need lies demons can't do their job in the light and the light is truth god is light god is
truth if you tell the truth if we have a battlefield a playing field of truth they can't do
their snakery in their lies they need deception they require deception that's not a man that's a
woman the sky is green they need all this garbage so they can keep you in your slave box if you knew
the truth bro if if people at home knew how money worked the banks would be on fire tomorrow
they don't know and the worst thing is they don't even want to go and learn as you always say to this
yeah as we wrap up with this podcast i want to ask you this question let's just say the matrix do pull
their third strike on you and they succeed yep how do you want the world to remember you and what's the
impact you want to leave from people i feel like i've lived a good life i'm 37 and i would argue that
i've lived more life than most hundred year old men i've done everything been everywhere i've made a mark
made an impact what's life for well life's to have children and to leave an impact and to teach your
children things bunch of kids done my job so i don't want anyone to think i'm sad about it it was
a decision i made i feel like as a man you should always live for something bigger than yourself i feel
like that the true masculine imperative is to find a battle worth fighting for that's why men have
always gone to war and some men died that's how it's always been for men as a man your life shouldn't
be about quantity it should be about quality and trying to live as long as possible but being that
porridge goo in the middle is not as important as living a shorter amount of time and getting to be
the t-bone steak so i want people to understand that i believed i was doing the right thing and
i'm not a perfect person and perhaps i made some mistakes but i believed i was doing the right thing at
the time and i don't have any regrets about it and that i would like people to live from
learn from my example and live true to themselves and i think that the world can be a beautiful place
when you're true to yourself i really think that a lot of depression and a lot of sadness and a lot
of discontentment with consciousness comes from the very simple fact that most men are not
true to themselves and when i say that i mean i can i can answer i can say this in a funny way or i can
say this in a serious way i'm going to choose give us both let me choose funny first you want to
fuck a bitch fuck a bitch bro you you have i love her i love i love my girlfriend with all my heart
yeah i want to fuck her today and i fucked her boom i don't love her i love you i fucked her sorry
sorry now i can pretend i'm not supposed to want to do that i can pretend i don't want to do i can
listen to my woman tell me that's wrong and then be told i'm immature and all this girl i want to do
what i want to do if i want to tell a man to get to go away in a less polite way i'll do it if i
want to fire a member of staff i'll fire them on the spot i don't care i don't care because i know
if i don't do what i want the resentment inside of me eats away at me and most men are living lives
not doing what they want please understand they don't get to talk to the girls they want to talk to
because they're not important enough they don't get to hang around with the guys as often as they
want because they have to work a job they don't like doing they don't get to tell their woman to
be quiet because she'll leave him he doesn't get to tell his boss to go away because he'll get fired
he just sits in his car quiet and meek filled with rage and the best thing about being rich and
important and i guess the truest way to be happy as a man is to be true to yourself which is good and
bad i get to give to charity i have a charity tape pledge.com and i donate millions of dollars a
year to charity and feed children i love my kids i love my friends i love the people
around me and if i don't like someone i tell them to get fucked and i say it right to their
face in their eye and if they want to do something about it it's up to them and i'm prepared for that
too and i get to live true to my masculine imperatives in all ways i don't have to sit
and be fake or lie or get along with someone i keep it real and that is why so many men are unhappy
today they don't get to keep it real bro you know i find truly amazing there are men out there
who are afraid to tell their own woman leave me alone i'm busy because she'll give him headache
don't talk to me that way and he's like oh babe please let me just work now no i'm working leave me
alone i love you very much but i'm working leave me alone there are men who don't even get to be a man
in their own house they don't even get to be a man in their own house no wonder you're depressed
no wonder you're miserable i'm talking about being the king of earth you don't want to be the king of
earth at least be the king of your house if someone breaks into that house you have to die to protect
that woman you're paying the bills and you said leave me alone for five minutes is she giving you
attitude bro you said don't post our location on instagram they want to kill me and she's worried
about her likes most people's lives most dudes relationships their lives are so fucked up
they don't even really no wonder you're sad look in the mirror look in your own eyes i'd be miserable
if i was these people if i have a girlfriend that's i guess it's one of the best things about status
i know this is a bit off topic because you asked me how i want to be remembered but the answer is i want
to live true to my masculine imperatives but if i have a girlfriend and i get a girlfriend and i like
her very much and we're together and i say we're together now you don't need instagram you know what
she says cool and deletes it i don't have to force her i don't have to tell her i don't have to control
i just say it and she's like yeah because she respects me and she knows i'm worth more than any
instagram page if you say to your chick delete insta she's like i want my instruction
well i mean she she needs it for some i don't know but i'm saying if you if you're not even in
most men i think most men desire respect i think we all desire respect innately but if you're not in
charge of your house and you're not in charge of your own relationship and you're working for
someone else you're not in charge of your business and obviously you're not in charge of the government
because they're out to wreck you like what what are you doing of course you're sad i'd rather be me
and get punched in the face by the matrix and get back up or get punched in the face and keep smiling
but at least i have some semblance of of control of my empire at least most these men haven't got
anything and that's why they're so sad and i would hate to be remembered as one of them but they won't
be remembered at all and that's why when they die there'll be a number and there's always going to be
numbers and names on this planet and the names have always had difficult lives if you if you look back at
any battle in history they will say 13 000 people died and x person and one of them was him yeah i'm
going to be that guy and avoiding all of the hardship it takes to become that guy is truly insane
because you'll just be one of the 13 000 you'll still die like i said earlier about the man who
doesn't want to fight things the wars go away no that's the reason i'm fighting this war against
the matrix because they're coming for all of us if any man is watching this i may be charging at the
gunfire first i may be leading the charge and i may be getting hurt you're somewhere at the back and
you feel safe they're coming for all of us so at least i get to go down as a name as opposed to
dying as a number so don't worry about me dying a little bit early worry about yourself dying and
not being remembered at all andrew tate i want to thank you very much for coming on the podcast thank
you sir and guys i know i've probably been quiet this episode but when you have someone like yourself
on tate god gave us one mouth and two ears for a reason so all we gotta do is listen thank you sir
so now i'm excited to have tristan on and listen to see what he says as well thank you bro have you got any
questions that you'd like me to ask tristan asking who's better at uno that's important let's see if
you want i want to see if he tells you the truth let me tell you all guys something at home i have
never lost a game of uno i am undefeated world champion centennial three-time world champion i was
in jail three life sentences just me by myself a thousand people against me in the biggest uno game
ever played in history i beat a thousand people with no cards i beat them they let me out of my three
life sentences all of them had to get the bus to jupiter because they were stupider than me and i
stayed here on earth as the champ you can't play greens against me if you play greens at any point
i'm guaranteed to beat you blues and reds don't work uno world champ repeat all of that tristan so
he knows tell him he's been to jupiter he's stupider i've been to jail three life sentences i got out
because of my uno prowess i have never lost a game of uno i'm gonna play that clip to him any other
questions for him that's all that matters bro andrew i want to appreciate you thank you very much for
coming on the podcast and hopefully i wish all this issue of yourself and you know the law and all that
sort of stuff can go to shit and basically come back to normal get your freedom back and then we'll
link up in dubai or saudi arabia or wherever we may be at the time let's do part three part three
exactly that guys make sure you subscribe like comment also i was gonna plug your social but i
don't even know if you can do that anymore yeah yeah so i am i'll do a quick plug here guys if you
liked what i said today it's the tip of the iceberg i i i have to censor myself so they don't kill me
right away so if you want to hear more about what i have to say go to corporate tape.com i have a
completely free email list you can sign up there if you want to learn how to make money online you can
join the real world and if you want a fraternity of brothers who understand the truth about the
enslavement which is coming for us all you can join the war room all of those things are accessible
at cobra tate.com if you want to really piss off the educational establishment you can go to
university.com which also leads to the real world but using that website really makes them mad
so if you've wasted money on a degree at any point in your life that's how you get retribution join
the real world by university.com and i'm only on twitter at cobra tate shout out to elon musk
shout out to elon all right guys hope you enjoyed it catch you all in the next one peace
