Bing bong.
Ooh, raw milk.
No, no, I don't want to fight.
But I do ice bath and raw milk.
I can't buy a pillow.
I don't know.
Long time no see, friends.
Oh, look who's back.
Bing bong.
The old Dairy Queen.
You've been waiting for that one.
Yeah, I have.
Yeah, I have, I believe.
Dairy Queen.
People on Take Confidential don't know.
They don't know?
They don't know.
You poisoned yourself and almost died by drinking raw milk
after I specifically told you not to
and you argued with me for about 20 minutes
about how great it was.
From Desert Cows.
You wanted the diamond watch or this watch?
Diamond watch.
That's the wrong diamond watch, though.
I didn't see another one.
Bro, don't put your watches in saunas and pools anyway.
Tell them what to fucking do, Rev.
Alright, do it.
I encourage you.
Don't tell them what to do.
No, no, no, bring it.
Listen.
Yeah, bro.
No diamonds allowed in the sauna.
They shine too bright.
However, I refuse to turn on you
when we should be making fun of Dairy Queen.
Therefore,
I'm instantly going to pivot back to the fact
that Bailey nearly died from milk
that he shouldn't have been drinking.
Ooh, raw milk.
You know what's weird about health?
Men will do anything it takes to avoid fighting.
I say to men,
eat loads of steak and go fight.
Oh, I don't...
You know, yeah, I'm into raw milk
and, you know, ice baths.
You'll do anything it takes
to avoid getting punched in the face.
Be a man and go fight.
Be a man and go fight.
I'm not going to...
No, I don't want to fight.
No, but I do ice bath and raw milk.
I get it.
Any kind of coke bullshit.
Go fight.
Everything else is gay.
Everything else is gay.
Let me explain this.
So a doctor came to this house
because you were completely immobilized.
Immobilized.
And I'm not going to show his face
because I told him I wouldn't,
but let me play the doctor's voice now.
Here's the video I made with the doctor.
So in your medical opinion,
and you were a qualified doctor
here in this house,
here to treat Bailey,
what do you think caused this problem?
So the most common cause of bacterial infection
causing gastroenteritis.
Bacterial gastroenteritis is
congestion of raw milk or raw milk.
Okay, wrong.
The larger meta point here is
why is anyone doing anything
besides just beating the fuck out?
Yeah.
Fighting's all that matters.
Everything else is gay.
Eat some steak and go boxing.
Eat some steak and go fight.
This is why at 38,
I look like fucking Hercules.
All I do is smoke.
Alright, I'm officially anti-raw anything.
Yeah.
No more sushi.
Sushi's gay.
You're going to hit bitches raw.
Yeah.
Right?
We're all dogging only.
Let's go.
I'm going to take a professional line dance.
And when you least expect it,
you're going to get served.
No, when you least expect it,
I'm going to line dance at you.
And it's going to get you.
Watch this space.
I'm looking for a photo.
And he goes,
are you carrying a pillow?
Yes.
Why are you carrying a pillow?
Because I bought it.
And it's like,
oh, can I have a photo?
What did you expect the answer?
I bought a pillow.
What do you want?
I can't buy a pillow.
What am I not allowed?
Why are you carrying a pillow?
Because I fucking bought it, nigger.
What do you want?
A pussy ass.
It's like the old days.
The old days.
Yeah.
We're in the Escalade.
Bailey, this is back in the old days.
This is back in the old days.
I remember.
Yeah, back in the old days.
Tristan, we're back.
Back to the old days.
These are the olden days.
Where Bailey was filming.
I'm filming Bailey film.
We're in the back of the Escalade.
Nice.
That was a few weeks ago.
No, the olden days.
Back in the day.
Way back then.
Way back when.
Where's Andrew?
That's all we need.
And then we can get our-
Luke's dropping.
Drop the phone.
But that's okay.
Luke, there's a reason.
Move forward.
Andrew, admit this is a throwback.
It is a bit.
There's no suicide hotline, unfortunately.
Is there none?
No, we don't have internet.
Ah.
Haha.
So that's the one shame.
So I guess I'll just have to kill myself.
Yeah.
Well, you might have to.
Tristan, don't you want to stop him?
All milk?
That will do the trick.
Can't go down that way.
Can't go down that way.
Can't go down that way.
It's true.
It's true.
That'd be a very embarrassing way to go down.
In fact, if raw milk were to hurt you, that'd be very, very gay.
Especially if your name were like bullet proof something.
Yeah.
If that was your nickname, your nickname started with bullet proof.
You'd think that raw milk wouldn't get you.
You would think that you'd be fine.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, you're bullet proof.
Yeah, I know.
Bullets can't hurt you.
Yeah.
If bullets can't hurt you, how could something like raw milk that baby cows drink get you?
True.
How could that happen?
Where's La Villa back?
So we're lost.
What's the place called?
It's called Poo Poo.
It's called Poo Poo.
I knew you were going to get him here.
What do you mean?
Lamborghini, huh?
Bugatti?
So I'm in the back.
Just so you're not allowed back here.
Just so you're not allowed back here.
Ferrari?
Just so you're not allowed back here.
Just stolen my seat.
Of all the things I want to do, sitting next to you is last on my list.
It's not.
That's why you chose this spot.
Please take us to Poo Poo.
It's not called Poo Poo.
Then I bet we'll get there.
Bailey, if we get there, I'll admit it, that it might be called Poo Poo.
Top G in a Bugatti.
Here's up another party.
Poor boy, gonna tell me since you want me.
Slicker than average since you have to look for me.
Young and me saucy.
My crown, let me go.
It's upon me.
Close your eyes.
I will push you off when you're not looking because I don't like you at all.
Yeah.
Close your eyes.
Close it.
Here we go.
Poo Poo.
Thanks.
Villa Banya.
Ah.
Nice.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Search for.
Search for?
Search for, yeah.
Okay.
Hailey, what is this?
I don't know.
This is actually the last thing I expected.
Dance, damn it.
So what do we have here?
Explain things to me.
I'm confused.
Yes.
Poofer?
Nice.
What's this place called?
That's what I call it.
That's what I'm doing.
Wait.
The best view in Hawaii, huh?
Wait, I'm seeing that this place lives up to its name.
lives up to its name okay what are we doing never done I have no idea what I'm
doing no yeah the only way to stop being Dairy Queen is for you to down all
those how many shots did I have to down to not be there three four five six
actually like work yeah exactly labor I think you underestimate this horse
radish two more people are coming am I dreaming am I still under some like raw
milk coma there's this weird Russian music playing I will admit that this
looks but I did not expect this out Bailey I was sold a spa I was sold a spa and I
imagine like okay a super luxurious spa like some suit I was sold something
about grass and these grass somehow I wasn't sold something different I was
told spa my life is a complete to learn all the lyrics you're never gonna learn
the lyrics to the song ever shazam this no don't shazam it no one's gonna shazam
and to make sure your life can never be complete and shazam it please I need to
know the next song and now it's done yeah but I'll learn the next song you're
really committed to that one you can't just change your commitments Bailey would
you like some antidote if you dry scoop fire blood and then drink all of these
you'll be better firm I don't think that's how that works if you dry scoop
fire blood and drink six shots of random Russian alcohol I promise we'll stop
calling you Dairy Queen you have to stop that listen Dairy Queen there's a way
out don't live with that forever you'd get a cooler name like the bear man I
don't know something cool wait guys he worked about he's in a dream this is
inception you're in a dream and I'm the one here is trying to wake you up back
into the real world I'm next to your hospital bed I've been sent into your
dream to tell you the only way to get out is to dry scoop fire blood and drink
these six shots of alcohol then you'll wake up in hospital and you'll be okay if
not you're gonna stay in this coma fever dream forever I've been in a coma
for five days exactly and now all of a sudden I'm in a Russian bathhouse yes we're
trying to help we're your friends we wouldn't lie to you for no reason you're
wearing adult diapers in this in this bed Bailey I wouldn't come down here into
your subconscious to tell you this if I didn't care about you you should do it
that's why it's called poo poo because you're in a hospital bed pooing yourself
yeah you see it all makes sense subliminal messaging is trickling in
where's wardrobe here we have shorts
you'll take three men and one girl for Dairy Queen
you brought this upon me yeah but you're Dairy Queen that's why it happened to you
didn't happen to me super funny cuz Luke you are responsible for this but he's
taking all the flack you like baby I got the best raw milk yeah you pasteurize it
yeah and you didn't tell me no I did you asked it and I told you I pasteurize it but you didn't drink it super raw and it turns out raw milk can actually get you sick it turns out
I mean maybe I mean I guess for Dairy Queen for me I'm fine I'm building I'm
bulletproof bulletproof Luke I need a hat in a row that's what I need it looks
like this is what I need and the chains look cool with it oh Bailey there's loads
remember when Tristan said don't bring it don't bring the chain don't bring the
watch Tristan's like oh no no it's gonna heat up and the diamonds are gonna fall
off that is exactly what you said I will cut back to that clip don't bring your
watches and saunas and pools anyway so Bailey's Tristan thinks watches down from
heat you're doing the wrong dance the correct dance is actually
guys yeah I came here dressed like this oh you guys like the environment in the
area yeah you're the one who showed us the Russian karaoke bar I think it's a
great way to celebrate like having fun you know it's the only place that's open
until 6 a.m. and that's the real reason
no no it's fun singing Andrew had a great voice you know you remember that one
time you know we did a little duet together guys I hope this is like a nice
chill evening you know that's what that's what we're here for right now Rob
until you put a hat on I ain't listening to you say the same but no hat you have no opinion
imagine listening to the no hat maybe we have a hat imagine Bailey Bailey has a hat that's the
only reason I listen to him even though I have the hat clearly people come to these
places to get healthy so you want to take your health seriously first thing you need
is a scoop of fire blood okay so I'm gonna drink fire blood it's gonna taste
like pain it tastes like pure pain people don't realize that tastes horrible
nice marble red cowboy killer
fire blood fuck that neither bro make it strong
mmm it's not good it's not a good thing that when the repowering is complete
second cigarette if you disagree with my health protocol you can fight me anytime
you want I will admit he can beat me up so it's very hard to argue with the
logic when someone could beat you up it's very very hard what's health other
than be able to beat someone else up I'm the bastion and pinnacle of health
you're right I put on gloves 10 years retired and I beat up a bunch of active
fires this is why we're all the reds cowboy killers a man of taste and
distinction life is made up of days one year one month one decade the biggest
buildings were built one brick at a time you need to stop getting lost you need
to hold yourself accountable every step of the way that's why in the real world
we've created an in-platform feature exactly for this with the daily checklist
you now have the ability to conquer your tasks with automatic organization
seamlessly integrated into your student dashboard you can create tasks add
descriptions complete them and increase your power level as a result stop trying
to remember what you need to do next open up the real world app watch your
checklist load right up in front of you and get to work that is speed that is how
you build faster than everyone else just one of the many systems built only
inside of the real world we will guide you to success for the change you know I
like saying I told you but to no one as much as you baby dairy you guys can go on
that side ah this is the hot side no the whole sides
it's hot I'll be real everything's hot this one looks good I'm gonna have a heyday so
this is one of those situations where like I invite you to something and I
don't expect you to actually do it and then it actually happens and then he gets a bit
of the big
Good man how are you
I'm good
Yeah
yeah da
Thank you
Thank you
Look at the truth outside
What's that?
So how do you feel good and I said everything will be revealed with time
That's what I said, yes?
I don't understand, please
Oh well
He doesn't speak English
Everything will be revealed with time
Everything will be revealed with time
How do you know that phrase?
In what world would you need that phrase for this exact moment?
I knew he was going to ask.
That's the kind of thing Russians say as an answer, though.
Yeah.
Like, are you going to kill me?
Everything will be rude.
It's a very scary answer.
If someone told you that, if a big guy like Tristan told me that,
I'd be like, okay, am I kidnapped?
Are my organs gone?
This is the woman.
Nice.
Smell it.
I'm fine.
Only Cyrus would have it.
Bagunik.
You're going to thank me so much after this.
Bro, it feels good.
So far, I actually like it.
If you need me to translate anything to the Russian guy, tell me.
My dog doesn't drink apples.
I'm not sure.
I just told him, my dog does not eat like this.
I feel like he said mine either.
Yeah.
I have a suspicion he's in mine either.
Anything else?
I took six Russian lessons, bro.
I've spent the past 24 hours trying to recover from critical dehydration.
Now, I'm in the sauna.
I'm sweating my balls off.
Bailey, what if I told you this is all part of the plan?
Everything will be revealed.
Guys, we did $5,000 worth of IV treatment to get me back to normal.
$5,000 is a banya.
No, the reason you think you're sweating is like a dream.
You are sweating in your dream because you're sweating in real life because you're still
on the hospital bed.
You're poo-poo boy in the hospital bed.
You just need to take the six shots.
Just drink it.
It's the only way out.
Oh, nice.
Now's the ice part.
No, not for me.
Yes, do it for him.
Do it for him, please.
No, no, no.
It's a pun of the experience.
No, I don't want it.
No, no cold.
It's so good.
It's actually not cold.
It's fine.
I highly doubt it.
It's not good.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
It's not good.
The heat was better.
Joe, did you just break the foundation of this place?
I'm big.
What do you want?
I'm big.
I'm sure Russians are big, too.
Get in, Bailey.
I'll get in.
All right, you're tall.
Yeah, I can't go all the way down.
You can't go all the way down?
I can't get my head on the arm.
I'm pretty tall.
Ah, so Bailey.
There's a really cool...
Say again?
I meant the GoPro died.
The GoPro died.
Yeah, it overheated.
I'm on my main cam.
The GoPro that's meant to go to the volcanoes is dead.
It did die.
So we're stronger than volcanoes.
Yes.
It seems like it.
Evidence is here.
I mean, you can bring the GoPro back if you want, and we can try again.
Thank you.
It'll quit before we do.
I'm willing to beat you.
You outlasted the GoPro.
Real niggers.
Yeah.
How is it?
It's not too bad anymore.
You look like you're roasting in hell.
It is roasting, but it's not as bad as it was.
Because the door's open.
I know.
I know why.
I know the reason, Mr. Science Boy.
I know why.
Are these hard things good for us?
Struggle brings you closer to God.
If you imagine a man who truly believes in God and finds strength from God, he suffers.
And if you imagine a man who's born with a perfect life, perfect parents, endless money,
no adversity, no struggle, nothing ever goes wrong, doesn't need to train, he's skinny,
nobody ever attacks him, that man is an evil hedonist, he's petty, the kind of person who
will hurt those weaker than him, try and use his influence and power for nefarious purposes.
People who only have pleasures in their life do not experience connection with God, friend,
but all of the suffering, you see, suffering is what reminds you that the light is light
and the dark is dark.
This is why God gives us suffering in the first place.
So many people pray for their suffering to end, not understanding that the suffering is
the reason they're praying in the first place.
So is this good for us?
Well, it's been a while since you've appreciated fresh air, isn't it, friend?
It has.
It has.
I appreciate fresh air.
I would argue it is good for us.
I would argue all suffering is good for us.
And God wants us to suffer to show that we deserve his blessings.
That's why if you're lazy, you're never lucky.
And if you work hard and you suffer, somehow, you'll always pull it off.
Jump in the wall.
Into the ice, into the ice.
Jump in the wall.
Nice.
We'll get back.
They got him, Bailey.
Getting in?
Get your hat off.
Hat off.
Hat off?
Yeah, now, don't you.
Jump in.
Jump in the water.
Head back.
One but a lot.
Lay down, lay down.
I'll go back in there.
I'll go back in that torture chamber before I get back in that water.
I tried to film it, but it was unfilmable.
Tell them what happened.
Lay down, lay down.
Come on, Luke.
What's next?
You want to sit on the balcony and watch the sunset, faggot?
You're going to find out, nigger.
Kick you in your fucking gooky head.
Marcel, I cannot wait for you to drown in the men's room.
This is where Marcel died.
Ultimate swimming contest.
I swallowed a fucking whole mouth with it.
Electrolytes.
