Hello everyone and welcome back to the channel. So after showing you my mental breakdown of the worst trading session of the month, I'm sharing with you in this video the best trading session of the month of October. Also, I want to remember everyone that the platform that I'm using is a professional order flow platform and it will be released on the 9th of November. So click here to sign up to the launch webinar.
So this is a commentary and the breakdown of the session of October, the best session of October. So we came from a London session where we did pretty good amount of profit that was around $10,000. And we start the session getting caught by a little bit of choppiness here. So we give back $5,000 to the market, around $4,500.
And now I will comment the trade. The first trades that we took was a continuation short, and we gave back two trades inside here. We tried this continuation and we failed. And now I will show you the reason behind the trades that we continue to take with the maximum drawdown that is breakeven. So if we go back to breakeven, we stop the session.
The narrative here is really easy, it's the one that I shared for free on YouTube. So what i'm trying to see is from when the buyers want to get aggressive so we see that this consolidation area got completely wrecked by buyers that took control
The sellers got absorbed here, so what I'm trying to do is capitalize on the failed auction of the seller and then aggression of the level of the buyer. So it will be really fast in putting my position to break even if this level fail, okay? Because if this level fails, this one becomes the new pivot because the sellers as you can see there are a huge amount of information that the sellers are being absorbed here
So I want to try good risk-to-reward trades and amazing risk-to-reward trades to take the top of the day. And we will comment together how the market behaves. This is the session that we did using the big trades and the aggression of the market. And as you can see, I'm loading and scaling in position.
Trying to get my losses smaller and smaller. As you can see, I'm only risking the profit of the day. Okay? I'm not risking more. We are up again 9,000 for the day, around 10,000 now for the day. And they will continue to scale my position as we go. I will speed up a little bit. Otherwise it will be boring for you guys. As you can see, buyers failed again. So I want to lower my risk because if this big trade sell gets stopped out...
I don't want to be in the position because we will have a really fast snapback of the market. Let's go on.
So as you can see, the market gives a really solid aggression. My risk goes really low and now I'm risking $980 to make potential $25,000 of trades. Close the day above $25,000. That is pretty good because in the worst session that I can make, I lose around $5,000, $10,000. If we can manage to make more than 25 sessions, it means that the best session of the month is...
two times and half bigger than the worst session of the month. So this is a pretty good maximum risk to reward balance for the day. So now the buyers are in control. Now it's a little bit tricky here because you can cover behind this level, you can cover behind this level. The buyers took complete control. You can see all these big trades and you can see that sellers are trying to protect this level. So if we have another breakout, we can trail our stop in profit.
So what the market does, we have a buyer's wall. They try to push down. The sellers got completely absorbed here and the buyers are not making results in this case. So it's a consolidation area where if we break down this level, I want to be risk-free or with a really tight stop loss because if we break down this level, we will probably revisit this level here. So it's pretty good to...
manage your position with stop loss in profit if you see something like this. Let's go on. As you can see, the market did a really good acceleration of the sell and stopped before these aggressive buyers. Now my position is stop loss to zero. Why? Because we already saw that the sellers got stopped again in the movement and buyers are starting to continue up. As you can see big trades in the body of the candle. Again, another effort but still no result. Let's see who wins this battle.
As you can see, the buyers took control. Now I'm covered below this low and I'm getting a little bit of profit for the market. So the worst case scenario, I closed $10,000. The best case scenario, I closed above $25,000 for the day. Let's go on. As you can see, buyers stacked here. So no result from the buyers, but also no result from the sellers. This is a potential acceleration level here that we have.
Again, sellers to control that stopped on these big trades so I can take other profit from the market. Now, the worst case scenario, we close $15,000 for a day. This is a really good process that you need to memorize because this is a way to get back your profit from the market as soon as possible and not give back the profit that you make to the market. Let's go on. Let's see how it behaves.
So the market explodes from this level. You see all these aggression and the failed auction, and this is the reason I closed my trade. But if I hold my trade here, remember that the day was pretty directional here.
Okay. So I could have made 40, $50,000 session, but I prefer to be conservative when I have a really good sniper trades. As you can see, we loaded the first one here, then we reloaded here, then we reloaded here. And this one was our protection level. So we took all the bottom of the up session of the day. It was an amazing session and they closed like this. I just, as you can see here, there is still recording, but nothing is happening. The market just skyrocketed up.
This could have been also $50,000 to $60,000 a day. But I decided to close. It was an amazing day. And this is the best session of the month of October for one simple reason. We risk a really small amount of money to make a real banger day. So I hope you like this content. I show you before the worst session of the month, even if it was recovered. Now I show you the best session of the month and we can check how it goes and I will update you on the channel.
