Hello everyone and welcome back to the channel. In this video, I decided to share with you my worst trading session of the month. We are qualified for the worst session of the week. Every movement got absorbed in the first two hours. This is the worst market condition you can get from a strategy. Like up, you trade a breakout, da-da-da-da-da. You can take 10 stop loss. It's getting momentum down and we are in profit of $7,000.
Look at this. Look how much it's accelerating. $9,000 in profit. Again, look at this session. It's impossible to trade like this. Just impossible. Now we are going long again. So out there everyone is eager to share the best performance, the best session but I decided that the first session of live trading that you will see on my channel will be a really difficult session.
I went in deep drawdown, I took a streak of stop loss and I managed risk without overexposing my account. And this video will be on mental discipline and how to manage a day in drawdown. And if you watch till the end, you will see that even session like this can be managed properly and can be turned in a profitable day.
Big buyers getting absorbed on the top. Today there is a lot of volume, so I need to bigger filter These buyers still show up on this one. Let's see if we can do it We can do something interesting So guys what's happening here is that we got the most consolidation session of the month It's the precession of the 23
It got consolidating for all the session. Now we are in a super consolidating area in the last two hours, so my trend following model took a strict stop loss. We are at $9,000 in drawdown for the day. We have one shot short that is floating $3,500 in profit with the potential to make $15,000 on the short way because the bias now switched to short, but the problem is that we are still consolidating. So it's...
It's qualified to be one of the most boring sessions not of the week but of the month. What we can do is manage risk correctly, accept a day of drawdown if the conditions don't get better and also decide to take some profit to reduce the amount of drawdown if necessary. We will see if the market does a good breakdown on the level 24,932 for a capitulation down and I will update you at the end of the session on how this is going.
Again, look at this session, bro. Impossible to trade like this. Just impossible. Now we are going long again. The volume is building on the short side so I'm still of the same idea but really this is qualified as the worst session of the month. Most boring one and impossible to trade one. Position management. This is mindset management.
Not even an asset, it's just constant consolidation. Now I hope that the sellers on the app part will get really aggressive and finally we will break. But it was a fucking hard session, even if I make $2,000. This is a session where you usually do damage on your account because it's just getting on your nerve. There is no trend, look what he's doing. The only positive stuff is that with this movement I can put risk to almost zero. Fit accept and scale inside other...
two contract maybe this is the only positive stuff let's see what we can do we can scale another two contracts here on the way down up here the stock was 600 dollar same profit target let me scale other two contracts because the drawdown is contained
We can also put stop-loss to zero so we don't risk one. If we can get finally a pub down, we will not only recover everything but finish the day with $7000. One of these garbage days. So this will be qualified as the worst session of the month, not of the week. Just bad luck that we got so good sessions yesterday and today that I wanted to record for my channel.
Even if it's cheap price action in the meaning that it's boring as fuck It seems that is building some, it's moving faster at least I don't know which direction because it's hard to predict when the market is like this but seems like something interesting Our profit target is not even too far from there so
Let's see if the sellers can finally protect it What does it mean? It means that if we can break this low, this horizontal level
The probability that we go down, it's exponential. If we break this one, the probability that we go up is exponential. It's really not tight. It's stressful, this profession. Imagine if you can lose $10,000 in one day. You can handle it. It's risky. The market gets aggressive. To arrive here is not so difficult. Just we need a little bit of gentle explosion. When the market is like this, the only bubbles that you need...
are the ones that you have. It's bubbles, it's... But we break through the level. Again, again, again, again then. So it's not only consolidating outside, now it's consolidating inside. So also in the small ranges you see. Smaller and smaller and smaller, here you don't see a big explosion. Stressful day bro. One of the most stressful of the month. But this battle will be an amazing battle for the channel if we finish like I think we can finish.
Consider this like a wall. If you use the maze 10 times here, every time you hit it gets weaker and weaker and weaker. And if they hit, it's 4.5 billion short. It means that the market maker and the hedge fund are really aggressive on the downside and they will push the price if they continue like this. The short side is still the most probable. When they decide to approach the level, you will not see ta-ta-ta, you will see...
It's so fast that this number scales by 1000 multiple. So it's like 6, 9, 8, 10. Okay? So from 6000 you see 7000, like this. 6600. Then when I finish, I will comment the session. If it goes good, if it goes bad, it's not a problem. Like we will comment what is really happening here. Fusing again for the 1000 time.
You know when they say it's the easiest professional on the planet? Because you can make money from home. Yeah, they say trading it so it's most difficult. In the next round we push and then... And then we go. Up and down, up and down. I like what he's doing. I like a lot what he's doing. We're in profit $5,000 and I think we are ready to push it.
but now the battle is won by the seller so we can see this level approached and i think now the sellers will win so we will go to the next one it's like video games you know and the next one is this if this gets broken we have collapsed down so we go to take profit trying my best to predict that sometimes it's just unpredictable what the market does but you cannot predict when it will go choppy
If I can predict when it will go like this, I will be a billionaire. It's not just choppy, it's after this huge movement down choppy. So the probability is that these sellers will continue to push this market down, you know? Because they have already hold the position here. So when the price reaches this, they will again say, oh, I want to add more because I'm making money. And you can see here, they have 4.7 billion, almost 5 billion dollar shop possible day guys.
But look at this, 18 contract from the top with risk to reward 1 to 20. Look at this. Sniper on the... Now it will take the low and we go. So what I expect now is an acceleration down. We are already recovering all the drawdown. This is the best, the best lesson on how to handle a drawdown day. It was really the worst session of the month. We took a huge amount of stop loss in this compression area.
Let's see if we can recover everything with one good trade We are accelerating down floating 10,000 in profit. Let's see what we can do now The market maker of long gamma so they will try to compress volatility I expect a good explosion down. We are going $12,000 in profit I can also close the day with $12,000 in profit, but I expected breakdown Maybe I put stop in profit to recover all the drawdown volatility starting to kick in we are below the law
The next candle can accelerate and sweep. Okay, we are going. $13,000 in profit. We're going to be starting to kick in.
yeah see how it goes let's follow the price i don't want to put too much pressure on expectation to go down because it's still long gamma so their role is to compress this movement floating 13 000 here we go here we go see if we can break the law
Again seller centering aggressive. We are going to protect ourselves soon here. Okay, we locked in $12,000 and we are out of the position. So a day that was in negative $9,000 is going to be closer than $2,330. Done!
We saved everything and we still made 10,000 dirhams for the day. This is the drawdown of the day. We've been all the day in drawdown. This is the positive side. You can see that even if you go through a huge amount of stop loss during the day, your only role is to endure during all these moments and get...
the movement that creates a new range. This is the only way to, I don't want to say to be profitable every week but to have a huge amount of probability that you will be profitable with control loss and amazing profit. So the conclusion guys now we have been a little bit too much on the safe side because the market is collapsing now and we could have made seven thousand dollars of profit more so we could end the day at nine thousand but when the day starts really bad then the compression it's so bad even if the option is confirming
even if you have
order flow confirming down, it's always bad to cut in profit and stop the day because as soon as you go to the evening your focus lowers because you are sitting on 20 execution and the market finally is trending but remember that when you are positive gamma they are going to compress every movement so now they can just go up again and you get in deep depression. So take what the market gives you, it's not the day to trade trend following and even in the worst session of the month we made money and that's the important stuff.
