In this video, I will show you how I personally refine and identify the areas for the best entry using order flow. Specifically we will see one indicator that shows you the exact area called delta print. This is not based on some support and resistance or technical indicators. It's based on actual order flow data that got executed previously so don't expect
that this area can be seen only from candlesticks. Hello everyone and welcome back to the channel! In this video I'm showing you two executions that I took, one in London session and one in New York session using this order flow suite of dip charts based on fixed profile volume analysis and deep trades analysis of the momentum of the market. So we need to start with the profile shape. The first thing that I was
checking here is that the London session starts with clear breakout of the previous level, a lot of aggression here and they created a condition of trend scenario. Why? Because they accepted after the breakout below
the value area law so as you can see in this condition we are seeking new balance of price and what we can expect here is direction so i didn't took the first movement because it was before the opening of the london session but the second movement was so clear what happened here you can see that here there is this area okay and this area is based on the profile
as you can see, of the previous swing point. This is dynamic, okay? So you can measure how much pressure there was in the market during this swing point using the delta profile and using the big trades.
As you can see, the most important price level and we don't need discretional analysis here because you can see is when the volume got support by these big trades. And this is the reason you see there is a lot of Delta pressure on this area. OK, so what we can expect is that if we want to continue to go short, we will reload other
aggressive short position from this area so you can just put an alert here it's nice to notice also that the value area high is here so you have a confluence of value area high big trades and delta level this one is a super strong area
What happens? The market tried to approach this level, but as soon as the market approaches this level, you see aggressive sellers really strong here. And I will show you how much it's useful to see dynamic data entering. Please take care about this part of the charts and watch as the price develop, okay? Bam!
You see all this volume. This is what they did in these big trades. And now we want to check if buyers can break this level or they will continue to be on this one because the pressure of the seller is super strong. So, we trace this level. We have our area and this one it's already an execution that you can make protecting yourself above the area that we already identified. Okay?
Now, what the market does is that it tried to break these big trades, okay? But it collapsed down again. So as you can see, we can expect that in the fractal analysis, we have another strong area that will be protected by these aggressive sellers. And this is exactly what's happening. So you can take also a re-entry here covering above the area.
Targeting for a swing point. This is a 1-2-3, 1-2-4, 1-2-5. It depends on how much you want to be safe on the stop loss placement.
By the way, this is our deep charts platform that is finally available at a super discounted price only for the next few days. So if you are interested in learning order flow and having an actual platform that show you real data, if you want to join with my link in the description, you will also get included one month educational bootcamp. Other than this, we see that the market create again
a new dealing range so after you go to take profit on the first one you have a condition again of super strong swing point super aggression of the market okay really directional and if you put here the fixed profile you see that the most relevant area that you have here is this clear volume ledge volume ledge is where the volume goes from really peak point to really low point okay so from high volume node
To low volume node really fast, and if we want to be precise, this area is this one. Okay? But you cannot just execute based on this. So you need to go to check what's happening here in details. And if we go in details to see what is happening here, we can clearly see that this battle of the sellers got won by sellers. Why?
aggressive orders deep trades in the body of the candle so actually following results and absorption of the aggressive buyers what does it mean that in this battle to create this down movement buyers try to take control again but they got absorbed so all these from the aggressive sellers today
absorption of the buyers become our area and the market like to retrace and go here so you can see that here control of the buyers control of the buyers control of the buyers control of the buyers failed buyers okay so this kind of information is not based on delayed data you have this information in real time and you can use them as a confirmation to execute your trades okay this one
could have been another amazing execution with really high probability following the direction of the market okay now if we go to analyze what's happening here we have absorbed buyers aggressive sellers that put a lock on the movement and again absorb buyers okay so after this candle the situation is super clear so you can already put a limit order here okay
From here, the market collapse. This is a really clear understanding of auction market theory, sensitive high probability reversal area following the direction of the trend and trigger execution using deep trades that is based not on some fancy algorithm or secret sauce to move the market but actual execution, no conspiracy theory.
just visualization of order entering the market. Remember that the only thing that moves price is volume. You need an execution for the market to auction high or down. I hope you enjoy this kind of content and I will see you in the next one.
